Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Man: THIS IS THE CONCLUSIVE
KIDNAP AND RANSOM REPORT
FOR MR. PIERRE LENOIR.
LOCATION: CHECHNYA.
RESULT: POSITIVE.
WE WERE CONTRACTED
BY A.G.P. UNDERWRITERS
WHO INSURED THE VICTIM.
MR. LENOIR WAS ABDUCTED
JANUARY 21
FROM RUSSIAN-HELD TERRITORY
BY MEMBERS OF THE CHECHEN
NATIONALIST MILITIA.
THEIR FIRST DEMAND
WAS FOR $5 MILLION U.S.
MY ABILITY TO NEGOTIATE
DIRECTLY WITH THE CHECHENS
WAS SUBVERTED BY LOCAL
RUSSIAN MILITARY COMMAND.
WHO MONITORED
MY EVERY MOVE.
[SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
AFTER 36 DAYS.
I'D NEGOTIATED THE FINAL
RANSOM FIGURE DOWN
TO $750.000.
FINAL PROOF OF LIFE
WAS RECEIVED MIDNIGHT.
WEDNESDAY. FEBRUARY 27.
[SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
THE NEXT MORNING. I WAS
INFORMED BY THE RUSSIANS
THAT I WOULD BE PROHIBITED
FROM PERSONALLY DELIVERING
THE RANSOM PAYMENT.
[SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
ANY CONFIDENCE
THAT THESE MEN
WOULD DELIVER
THE RANSOM MONEY
AND RETURN THE HOSTAGE
SAFELY
HAD. BY THIS POINT.
BEEN COMPLETELY DISSIPATED.
YOU TELL
YOUR COLONEL
IT'S HIS
RESPONSIBILITY NOW.
HE'S GOT HIS ORDERS.
IF HE FUCKS ABOUT.
I'LL BE THE LEAST
OF HIS PROBLEMS.
[SOLDIER SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
FACTORING THE TIME-SENSITIVE
INTERESTS
OF THE THE GROUP
HOLDING MR. LENOIR.
THE LIMITED COMMUNICATION
AVAILABLE
WITH THE LONDON OFFICE.
AND THE RUSSIAN INSISTENCE
THAT THEY. AND THEY ALONE.
DELIVER THE RANSOM PAYMENT...
[GUNSHOTS]
I MADE THE DECISION
THAT THERE WAS SIMPLY
NO ALTERNATIVE
BUT TO GIVE THE RUSSIANS
EXACTLY WHAT THEY WANTED.
[SOLDIERS SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
KNOWING THAT I WOULD
RETAIN POSSESSION
OF THE RANSOM MONEY.
I'D MANAGED TO CONTACT
THE CHECHENS PRIVATELY.
WE HAD AGREED TO RENDEZVOUS
AT AN ALTERNATIVE LOCATION.
TRANSPORT OPTIONS
IN THIS AREA ARE LIMITED...
DRIVE!
SO I DID THE BEST
THAT I COULD.
THE GROUP HOLDING
MR. LENOIR IS RESPONSIBLE
FOR AT LEAST
A DOZEN KIDNAPPINGS
OVER THE PAST 2 YEARS.
THIS IS A BATTLE-TESTED
GUERRILLA MILITIA.
THEY ARE WELL-ARMED.
HIGHLY MOBILE.
AND EXTREMELY UNPREDICTABLE.
MR. LENOIR WAS FOUND TO BE
IN AN EXCELLENT STATE
OF HEALTH.
CONSIDERING
THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
WHERE ARE YOU?
COULD YOU HELP--
AAH!
I SENT THE RUSSIANS AWAY.
I DON'T KNOW HOW MUCH
TIME WE GOT. MATE.
[SPEAKING RUSSIAN]
FOLLOWING A REVIEW
OF THE RANSOM PAYMENT.
MR. LENOIR WAS RELEASED
INTO OUR CARE.
AAH! AAH!
THE SUCCESS
OF THIS EXTRACTION
DEPENDED UPON A BRISK.
TIMELY TRANSFER SCHEDULE.
WE WERE. HOWEVER.
NOT QUITE FAST ENOUGH.
AIRBORNE!
COME IN HOT. JOSEPH.
THIS PLACE IS GOING LOUD.
EVAC EMERGENCY R.V.
REPEAT. E.R.V.!
AIRBORNE. I HAVE A VISUAL!
THERE ARE 2 DEAD TREES
IN THE CENTER OF THE FIELD.
I'M 50 YARDS TO THE WEST
OF THE SOUTH TREE.
[PILOT REPLIES]
DON'T GIVE ME ANY SHIT.
JOSEPH.
I'VE GOT INJURED CARGO.
GET YOUR FUCKIN' ASS DOWN!
GET DOWN!
BLOODY HELL!
GO!
AAH! AAH!
AAH!
ULTIMATELY.
THIS EXTRACTION
DID NOT GO DOWN WELL
FOR EITHER THE CHECHENS
OR OUR RUSSIAN HOSTS.
AS A RESULT.
MY ABILITY TO FUNCTION
AS A KIDNAP AND RANSOM
CONSULTANT IN THIS AREA
HAS BEEN PERMANENTLY
COMPROMISED.
MR. LENOIR WAS EXAMINED
BY MOBILE MEDICAL.
AND AS PER HIS INSURANCE
COMPANY'S REQUEST.
TRANSPORTED TO ATHENS
YESTERDAY
FOR SURGICAL TREATMENT.
AT THE MOMENT.
WE HAVE CONTRACTS
WITH ALL 3
INSURANCE UNDERWRITERS
HOLDING K AND R POLICIES
IN THE WEST ASIAN
POST-SOVIET REPUBLICS.
THIS AREA IS CLEARLY
IN A CRITICAL STATE
OF TRANSITION
AND DEMANDS THE MOST VIGOROUS
SECURITY PRECAUTIONS.
WHAT DID THEY BILL
LAST YEAR.
OUR 3 UNDERWRITERS?
TOTAL PREMIUMS?
$28 MILLION.
AND THE RANSOM
TOTAL?
PAID OUT ON POLICIES?
MM-HMM.
26 MILLION.
BLOODY HELL.
I'LL SET UP SOME
PREMIUM MEETINGS.
WAVE THE RED FLAG
A BIT.
EXCELLENT JOB.
TERRY. THANK YOU.
AS ALWAYS.
OUTSTANDING.
SIR.
WHERE'RE WE NEXT?
PAKISTAN...
COLUMBIA...
[MARKET CHATTER IN SPANISH]
[SPANISH]
CUA--CUATRO.
CUATRO.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
HELLO?
PETER? IS THAT YOU?
YEAH. HEY. BABY.
IT'S ME.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
IT'S ABOUT TONIGHT.
I'M SHOPPING
FOR DINNER.
YEAH. WELL. THE GOOD NEWS
IS I'LL DEFINITELY BE BACK.
YEAH? GO ON.
WELL. WE GOTTA GO
TO THIS THING TONIGHT.
THE--THE DINNER?
THE CHARITY EVENT?
OH. YOU'RE KIDDING.
RIGHT?
NO. I AM GETTING
COMPLETELY SCREWED HERE.
NONE OF MY EQUIPMENT'S HERE.
NONE OF THE STUFF
THEY PROMISED ME.
IT HASN'T EVEN LEFT
THE STATES.
I GOT 60 GUYS
RUNNING AROUND THE JUNGLE.
AND THEY GOT NOTHING TO DO.
SOMETHING IS REALLY
MESSED UP HERE.
I GOTTA PIN THESE BASTARDS
DOWN TONIGHT.
YOU REALLY WANNA PUT ME
AT A TABLE FULL
OF OIL EXECUTIVES?
WELL. THEY'RE BIG BOYS.
I THINK THEY CAN STAND UP
TO A LITTLE HIPPIE
LIKE YOU.
[CHUCKLES]
CAN I TELL THEM
WHAT I THINK OF THEM?
NO. LOOK. IF YOU
REALLY WANNA SKIP IT--
NO. NO. I'LL GO.
I'LL BE THERE.
I WILL...
AH. AND I'LL BE
ON MY BEST BEHAVIOR.
GREAT. THANK YOU. ALICE.
I MEAN IT.
WELL. I'LL
HAVE TO BORROW
A DRESS FROM NORMA.
YEAH. OH. AND LOOK.
CAN YOU GET SANDRO
TO DROP MY TUX
BY THE AIRFIELD
BEFORE HE STOPS BACK
AND PICKS YOU UP?
YEAH. YEAH.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
PLEASE DON'T LEAVE ME
HANGING OUT THERE
WITH THOSE PEOPLE!
AND BE CAREFUL.
I WILL. I LOVE YOU.
[PHONE BEEPS OFF]
PETER!
WHAT IS HAPPENING?
WHAT HAVE YOU HEARD
ABOUT THE EQUIPMENT?
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
EVERYTHING'S TAKEN CARE OF.
I'M MEETING THE GUYS
FROM QUAD-CARBON TONIGHT.
[LIVE BAND
PLAYING LATIN MUSIC]
HIS MOM SAYS HE WAS
EXACTLY THE SAME
WHEN HE WAS A BABY.
Man: SHE'S RIGHT.
YOU KNOW.
HEY. BABY.
OH!
PETER. THANK GOD
YOU'RE HERE.
I WAS WORRIED ABOUT YOU.
I TOLD YOU
HE'D MAKE IT.
HI. PETER.
OK. LET'S FIND
OUR TABLES.
WE'LL SEE YOU
INSIDE.
Couple: OK.
LOOK AT YOU...
ALL DECKED OUT
IN NORMA'S DUDS.
IT'S MY DEBUT
AS A CORPORATE WIFE.
YEAH. WELL.
WHATEVER IT IS...
IT IS WORKING.
YOU KNOW. I'M. UH.
DRESSING LIKE THIS
ALL THE TIME NOW.
YOU OUGHT TO COME
AROUND MORE OFTEN.
OOH!
I GUESS I GOT SOME
MAKIN' UP TO DO.
I GUESS SO.
[SINGING IN SPANISH]
QUE LINDA.
OH. MY BEAUTIFUL DARLING.
[SONG ENDS]
[NEW MUSIC BEGINS]
AMIGAS Y AMIGOS...
I JUST WANNA KNOW
WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON.
NOBODY CALLED?
NO. I WAS THERE ALL DAY.
HEY. Y'ALL.
SORRY WE'RE LATE.
WHERE IS EVERYBODY?
NOBODY CALLED YOU?
ARE YOU SHITTIN' ME?
FELLNER AND BUDDY
AND THEIR WHOLE GANG
HAD TO GO TO HOUSTON
THIS MORNING.
SOME KINDA POWWOW.
PEGGY SAID IF HE WAS GOING.
SHE WAS GOING.
I GUESS ALL THE GIRLS
JUMPED ON THAT.
SO IT'S JUST US.
HEY. HEY.
HEY. HEY!
BETTER LATE
THAN NEVER.
SO. IVY
TELL YOU?
HOUSTON.
THIS MORNING.
ALL OF 'EM.
FELLNER
CHARTERED A PLANE.
SO WHAT'S
IN HOUSTON?
NEW MONEY.
OH...PETER.
PETER. LOOK.
[CHUCKLES]
SO. HOW'D IT GET
SO BAD SO FAST?
OH. COME ON. MAN.
WHERE THE HELL'VE
YOU BEEN?
I'VE BEEN TRYING
TO BUILD A DAM.
WELL. YOU OUGHT TO
PICK YOUR HEAD UP
EVERY NOW AND THEN.
TAKE A LOOK AROUND.
YOU'RE BUILDING
A CHARITY WATER PROJECT.
AND AS FAR AS
THE COMPANY'S CONCERNED.
YOU'RE NOTHING
BUT HUMANITARIAN
WINDOW DRESSING.
QUAD-CARBON
CAME DOWN HERE
LOOKING FOR
A LUCKY BREAK.
AND WE GOT NAILED.
WE GOT A BILLION-DOLLAR
PIPELINE
HASN'T SPIT OUT
A GALLON YET.
OIL PRICES ARE GOING
THROUGH THE ROOF.
WE CAN'T TAKE
ADVANTAGE OF IT.
YOU KNOW.
MARKET CLOSED TODAY.
QUAD-CARBON STOCK
DOWN 10 AND FALLING.
THE VULTURES
ARE CIRCLING.
SO. WHICH VULTURE
IS IN HOUSTON?
IT'S OCTONAL.
THEY'RE THE ONLY ONES
BIG AND BAD ENOUGH
TO COME DOWN HERE.
GET THIS THING ON TRACK.
PETER. LOOK.
Peter: I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE YOU MISSED IT.
BUT THIS HAPPENS TO BE
A VERY BIG DEAL FOR ME.
I THINK I KNOW THAT.
WELL. YOU SURE
DON'T ACT LIKE IT.
MAYBE...
MAYBE IT'S A SIGN.
MAYBE IT'S JUST
A SIGN
THAT WE SHOULD
GO HOME.
ALL RIGHT. YOU TELL ME.
THIS ALL FALLS APART.
THIS GOES AWAY.
WHAT WAS THE POINT?
THE POINT OF WHAT?
WELL. I DON'T KNOW.
HOW ABOUT EVERYTHING?
HOW 'BOUT AFRICA?
HOW 'BOUT EGYPT?
HOW 'BOUT THAILAND?
HOW ABOUT 8 YEARS
OF SHIT POSTINGS?
8 YEARS OF WORKING
FOR ASSHOLES?
8 YEARS OF WORKING WITH
SOMEBODY ELSE'S BAD IDEAS?
LOOK. WAIT. I DON'T--
I DON'T GET IT HERE.
SO. SUDDENLY
THE LAST 8 YEARS.
WHAT. THAT'S
JUST ALL SHIT NOW?
IS THAT WHAT I SAID?
BECAUSE I THOUGHT
THAT WE WERE DOING
EXACTLY WHAT
WE WANTED TO DO.
I THOUGHT WE WERE LIVING
OUR LIVES TOGETHER!
THAT IS NOT WHAT I SAID!
THIS ISN'T JUST A JOB.
THIS IS EVERYTHING
I HAVE PREPARED FOR
MY ENTIRE LIFE.
SO. IF JERRY IS RIGHT.
IF IT'S OCTONAL.
IF THEY COME IN HERE
AND TAKE THIS OVER.
I AM FUCKED.
WELL. I WOULDN'T GET
TOO UPSET ABOUT IT.
MAYBE OCTONAL WANTS
A DAM OF THEIR VERY OWN.
OCTONAL DOESN'T BUILD DAMS.
THEY KICK ASS.
THEY DON'T CARE
ABOUT THESE PEOPLE.
IT'S ALL ABOUT
PROFITS TO THEM.
I DON'T GET IT.
I JUST DON'T--
WHAT IS
THE SURPRISE HERE?
YOU WANTED TO WORK
FOR AN OIL COMPANY.
THIS IS WHAT
YOU WANTED!
THAT IS NOT WHAT
I AM DOING HERE.
I'M BUILDING A DAM
THAT'S GOING TO SAVE
PEOPLE'S LIVES!
YOU ARE BUILDING A DAM
SO AN OIL COMPANY
CAN GET A PIPELINE CONTRACT.
WHO CARES WHO PAYS FOR IT?
APPARENTLY NO ONE!
YOU'RE DRUNK.
NO. NO. PETER...
THIS ISN'T US.
LET'S JUST GO HOME.
OH. GREAT.
THAT'S GREAT.
THAT IS JUST--
IT IS SO SUPPORTIVE.
YOU DON'T LIKE
THIS PLACE. EITHER.
YOU DON'T.
I LIKE THE PROJECT.
I DON'T HAVE
A PROJECT.
WELL. THEN FIND
A FUCKING PROJECT!
OH. DAMN.
OH. ALICE.
USE YOUR TALENT.
YOUR EXPERIENCE.
LOOK. THERE'S GOTTA BE.
I DON'T KNOW.
THERE'S GOTTA BE 25 AGENCIES
WORKING DOWN HERE.
THERE'S FOOD PROJECTS.
THERE'S
HEALTHCARE PROJECTS.
ANY ONE OF THEM.
THEY'D BE THRILLED
TO HAVE YOU ON THEIR STAFF.
I JUST...
I DON'T GET THIS.
YOU'VE HIT THE GROUND
RUNNING
EVERY PLACE
WE'VE EVER GONE.
WELL. I'M SORRY
I'M NOT BOUNCING BACK
FAST ENOUGH FOR YOU.
5 MONTHS.
YOU'RE FLAPPIN' AROUND HERE.
YOU HAVEN'T EVEN STARTED
TO LEARN THE LANGUAGE.
I AM NOT GETTING
PREGNANT AGAIN
IN THE THIRD WORLD.
OH. NO. NOT AFRICA!
NO. NO. NO!
WE'RE NOT GONNA
BRING THAT INTO THIS.
THAT?
YES. THAT.
THAT?!
THAT!
WHEN THE HELL
ARE YOU GONNA MOVE ON?
IT'S OVER! IT HAPPENED!
IT WASN'T MEANT TO BE.
JUST GET OVER IT.
I DON'T WANT TO MOVE ON!
WELL. I HAVE.
AND GOD DAMN IT.
I'M RIGHT HERE!
RIGHT NOW!
MY WHOLE SITUATION
IS FALLING APART.
AND. SOMEHOW. WE'RE
BACK TO THIS AGENDA.
I AM NOT AN AGENDA.
WELL. YOU KNOW WHAT?
GO HOME.
I'M SERIOUS. JUST...
TAKE A BREAK.
WOW.
WELL. IT'S WHAT
YOU WANT. ISN'T IT?
I NEVER SAID THAT.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THEN I GUESS IT'S ME.
Peter: NO. NO. NO. NO. NO.
NO. LOOK. TED.
YOU'D BETTER TELL OCTONAL
HOW MUCH LOCAL SUPPORT
WE'VE GOT DOWN HERE.
Ted: I DON'T KNOW
WHAT TO TELL YOU. PETER.
WE'RE IN HOUSTON
LOOKIN' FOR HELP!
OCTONAL HAS THEIR OWN WAY
OF DOING THINGS.
WELL. IT'S NOT
JUST ME. TED.
I'M NOT THE ONLY ONE
WHO'S GONNA FIGHT FOR THIS.
Ted: IF THAT'S
A THREAT. PETER.
I'M NOT SURE WHAT
THAT IS.
BUT YOU LOSE SIGHT
OF WHERE YOU STAND--
NO. NO. NO.
LOOK. OH--
TED. YOU'RE BREAKING UP.
DON'T LOSE TRACK
OF WHERE YOU STAND
IN THE FOOD CHAIN
ROUND HERE.
WELL. LOOK. I'VE GOT
PEOPLE DOWN HERE
WHO BURNED
THEIR BRIDGES
TO COME WORK WITH US.
I CAN BARELY HEAR YOU.
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
TED. WHENEVER
YOU'RE READY.
WHAT THE HELL AM I
SUPPOSED TO TELL MY PEOPLE?
Ted: TELL 'EM
QUAD-CARBON IS FINISHED.
TELL 'EM OCTONAL
IS TAKING US OVER.
WELL. IT--
TELL 'EM TO GET
THEIR RESUMéS OUT.
TED? TE--
LOOK. I'M HEADED
TO THE OFFICE.
I'M GONNA CALL YOU BACK
ON A LAND LINE.
CAN YOU HEAR--
[SINGING IN SPANISH]
Peter: HEY. BEATRICE.
THANKS FOR COMING IN
ON SUNDAY.
YEAH. CALL TED FELLNER.
WOULD YOU TELL HIM
I'LL BE AT THE OFFICE
IN 20 MINUTES?
YEAH. I GOTTA TAKE
THE LONG WAY AROUND.
RIGHT. OH...
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
FUCK THIS.
OH. GOD. SHIT.
I DON'T BELIEVE THIS!
FUCK!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
OH. SHIT!
OH. MY GOD.
OH. MY GOD!
[POLICE WHISTLES]
COME ON!
[YELLS IN SPANISH]
[WHISTLE BLOWING]
GOD DAMN IT.
NO. NO. NO. NO!
IT'S A TELEPHONE!
IT'S A TELEPHONE.
ALL RIGHT?
IT'S JUST
A TELEPHONE!
LOOK. I'M NOT
DOING ANYTHING.
I'M NOT DOING ANYTHING.
I'M NOT DOING ANYTHING. OK?
JESUS CHRIST.
ALL RIGHT. LOOK.
I--I NEED MY BRIEFCASE.
I JUST NEED MY BRIEFCASE!
I'M NOT A TERRORIST.
ALL RIGHT?
I WASN'T DOING ANYTHING.
I'M NOT PART OF THIS.
iFUEGO!
[HOSTAGES SCREAMING]
Ivy: ALICE. OH. ALICE.
I HAVE SOME REALLY
BAD NEWS.
YOU OUGHT TO GO INSIDE
AND SIT DOWN.
IT'S ABOUT PETER.
[MACHINE-GUN FIRE
AND YELLING]
THIS MORNING
ON HIS WAY TO WORK.
THERE WAS A BARRICADE.
A ROADBLOCK.
AND THESE GUYS
IN SKI MASKS--
AND THEY HAD GUNS.
AND THEY TOOK HIM
WITH A BUNCH
OF OTHER PEOPLE.
HE'S BEEN KIDNAPPED.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND
WHAT I'M SAYING? KIDNAPPED.
WE. UM. GOT A CALL
FROM TECALA THIS MORNING.
YOU'RE NOT
SENDING ME THERE?
WELL. I THINK
IF YOU HEAR ME OUT--
I JUST GOT OFF
THE PLANE. MATE. OK?
TERRY. I NEED YOU
DOWN THERE.
I'M JUST NOT GOOD
AT THE MOMENT HERE.
I WANT YOU
TO CONSIDER THIS
YOUR FIRST
MANAGEMENT ASSIGNMENT.
THE FIRST OF MANY.
WE ALL GET RATTLED. RIGHT?
IT'S NOT THE FIRST TIME.
YEAH. WELL. IT WAS
KIND OF MY POINT.
SIR.
HEY. HENRY.
I'M ON MY WAY
TO THE AIRPORT.
I'M GONNA CALL
YOUR MUM
AND SEE
IF HER AND MICHAEL
CAN MAKE IT UP
THIS WEEKEND.
I'LL CALL HER.
WHAT TIME'S KICKOFF
ON SUNDAY? 2:00?
YES. SIR.
I WAS REALLY
LOOKING FORWARD TO IT.
BETTER GET BACK OUT THERE
WITH YOUR MATES. EH?
YES. SIR.
ARE YOU OK?
ALL RIGHT!
WHAT IS THIS?
CAN I--CAN I SPEAK NOW?
BECAUSE THIS IS WRONG.
YOU KNOW. THIS IS SO WRONG.
I'M A. UH--
I'M HERE TO HELP
THE TECALEÑO PEOPLE.
YEAH. I'M HERE
TO BUILD A DAM.
LA REPRESA.
EL RIO CAYA.
OH. NO. NO. NO. NO.
I DON'T WORK ON THE--
NO. I DON'T WORK
ON THE PIPELINE.
Peter: NO TRABAJO
POR EL POZO PETROLERO.
NO. I'M HERE TO BUILD
THE DAM AT CHIMAYA.
UH. LA REPRESA DE RIO CAYA!
FOR THE PIPELINE.
NOT FOR THE PIPELINE!
YES. FOR THE PIPELINE.
LISTEN TO ME! NOT--
LISTEN TO ME.
JUST LISTEN TO ME.
TO STOP THE FLOODING.
CAN YOU UNDERSTAND THAT?
STOP THE FLOODING.
TURO? DON'T YOU HEAR ME?
DIDN'T YOU HEAR ME?
I DON'T WORK
FOR THE PIPELINE!
I'M HERE TO HELP
THE TECALEÑO PEOPLE!
iBASTA!
YOU ARE A PRISONER.
iUNO MOMENTO!
POR FAVOR. POR FAVOR.
UNO FOTO.
UNO FOTO. POR FAVOR.
Peter: Sí.
THAT'S IT.
Peter: GRACIAS.
[ALICE PANTING]
THIS WHOLE BOX
IS JUST. UH...
WHAT IS ALL...
HE BROUGHT SOME
ALBUMS OUT. I WAS...
I WAS GONNA ORGANIZE
ALL THIS.
AND I JUST
NEVER GOT IT TOGETHER.
I JUST NEVER
GOT IT TO--OH...
OH. GOD. WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S INDIA?
ALICE. STOP NOW.
WE NEED JUST ONE GOOD
PICTURE OF HIS FACE.
OH...
SORRY.
I'M THE ONE WHO'S SORRY.
I DON'T UNDERSTAND
MY COUNTRY ANYMORE.
NO. IT WAS
COMPLETELY RANDOM.
HE WAS OUT. I GUESS.
OUT ON THE BARRIO.
AND ANYTHING CAN
HAPPEN OUT THERE.
THEY STEAL YOUR CAR.
YOUR MONEY. WHATEVER.
NO. WE DON'T REALLY
KNOW A DAMN THING.
NOTHING DEFINITE
AT ALL.
LET ME CALL
YOU BACK. YEAH.
YOU'RE TELLING HIM WE DON'T
KNOW WHAT HAPPENED?
ALICE. AT THIS POINT.
WE DON'T KNOW.
HE WAS KIDNAPPED. JERRY.
LOOK. UNTIL THEY--
HE WAS TAKEN AT GUNPOINT
IN A ROADBLOCK.
25 PEOPLE SAW HIM DRIVE AWAY
IN THE GODDAMN TRUCK.
NOW. I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE IT'S ME.
BUT THAT SOUNDS
PRETTY FUCKING DEFINITIVE.
Ivy: ALICE. IT'S YOUR
SISTER-IN-LAW AGAIN.
[CLEARS THROAT]
JANIS. DID YOU
GET THE FLIGHT?
WELCOME BACK. MR. THORN.
HOW LONG ARE YOU GOING
TO STAY THIS TIME?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
MR. PETER BOWMAN.
LET'S HAVE A LOOK
AT YOU. MATE.
Alice: JANIS!
ALICE!
HI. GO HERE. SANDRO WILL
GET YOUR BAGS. RIGHT HERE.
OK. OK.
[SPEAKING
IN SPANISH]
TICKETS. BADGE.
PASSPORT...
OH. YEAH. YEAH!
OK. OH.
HERE. THERE.
YEAH. OK. DON'T--
PLEASE DON'T LOSE
MY LUGGAGE. OK?
THERE SHE IS.
HI. ALICE.
Man: THERE'S A GUY
WAITING FOR YOU.
CAME FROM ENGLAND.
WANTS TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT PETER.
HE SAYS
IT'S IMPORTANT.
Janis: HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
SEÑORA ALICIA.
I WAS AGAINST THIS.
BUT THEY INSIST.
SORRY. I HOPE WE DID
THE RIGHT THING.
YOU KNOW.
LETTING HIM IN--
Janis: WHAT'S LUTHAN
RISK INTERNATIONAL?
HE'S A NEGOTIATOR.
SHALL I GO WITH YOU?
NO. NO. NO. NO.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF IT.
HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
I'M PETER'S SISTER.
CAN WE HELP YOU?
I'M TERRENCE THORNE.
HOW DO YOU DO?
WELL. CONSIDERING
THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
I GUESS WE'RE
DOING ALL RIGHT.
HOW DO YOU DO.
MRS. BOWMAN?
I'M WITH. UH.
LUTHAN RISK.
WE'RE AN INTERNATIONAL
CONSULTANCY. WE'RE--
I HAVE ONE.
YOUR CARD.
RIGHT. UH. WE'RE BASED
OUT OF LONDON.
I'M WITH OUR
SECURITY AND
CRISIS RESPONSE UNIT.
I APOLOGIZE FOR JUST
APPEARING LIKE THIS.
MY COMPANY IS
THE DESIGNATED
K AND R CONSULTANT
FOR QUAD-CARBON.
"K AND R."
WHAT IS K AND R?
KIDNAP AND RANSOM.
SO. YOU JUST
FLEW IN?
CORRECT. YES.
LAST NIGHT.
HAVE YOU SPOKEN TO ANYONE
AT QUAD-CARBON?
LONDON MAY HAVE.
I WAS JUST ASSIGNED.
ALL I'VE SEEN SO FAR IS
AN EMPLOYMENT DOSSIER.
I WOULD LIKE TO GET
A PROPER FILE GOING.
I HAVE SOME QUESTIONS.
I'M SURE YOU DO AS WELL.
I'LL TRY AND EXPLAIN
AS MUCH AS I CAN.
[SPEAKING
SPANISH]
NECESITO BAÑO.
Terry: THIS IS A GAME.
IT S A GAME YOU PLAY
WHETHER YOU LIKE IT OR NOT.
FOR YOU. IT'S EMOTIONAL.
FOR THE PEOPLE HOLDING PETER.
IT'S A BUSINESS.
THE SOONER YOU GET COMFORTABLE
AND OBJECTIVE ABOUT THAT.
THE EASIER THIS WILL BE.
NOW. PEOPLE TAKE HOSTAGES
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
SOMETIMES.
IT'S PURELY TERROR.
OTHER TIMES. IT'S POLITICAL.
FOR PROPAGANDA PURPOSES.
DOWN HERE.
IT'S SIMPLY ABOUT MONEY.
SO. UM...
[CLEARS THROAT]
WHERE IS PETER?
WHERE IS HE NOW?
PROBABLY
IN THE MOUNTAINS.
HE'S MORE THAN LIKELY
BEEN TAKEN BY THE E.L.T.
LOOK. UH...
I JUST GOT OFF A PLANE.
I MEAN. CAN WE JUST BACK UP
A LITTLE BIT HERE. PLEASE?
NOW. THIS E.L.T..
THIS GROUP...
WHO. WHO THE HELL
ARE THEY?
AND HOW CAN YOU BE
SO DAMN SURE
THAT THEY'RE THE ONES
WHO HAVE MY BROTHER?
E.L.T.
THIS IS
A LAND REFORM MOVEMENT.
THESE PEOPLE
ARE REVOLUTIONARIES.
INITIALLY. THERE WAS
A POLITICAL AGENDA.
HOWEVER. WHAT YOU
HAVE TO UNDERSTAND
IS THAT TODAY'S
VERSION OF THE E.L.T.
IS A COMPLETELY
DIFFERENT ANIMAL.
20 YEARS AGO. THEY WERE
JUST ANOTHER STRUGGLING
MARXIST REVOLUTIONARY GROUP
HIDING OUT IN THE MOUNTAINS.
THE END OF THE COLD WAR
CHANGED EVERYTHING.
THE MONEY FROM MOSCOW
DRIED UP.
AND THE E.L.T. HAD TO FIND
A NEW WAY TO SUPPORT ITSELF.
SO THEY GOT INTO
THE KIDNAPPING BUSINESS.
WHICH HAS MADE
THEM MILLIONS.
THEN THEY REALIZED
THAT THEY WERE SITTING
ON AN EVEN BIGGER GOLD MINE.
BEHIND COLUMBIA.
TECALA IS THE WORLD'S
LARGEST SUPPLIER OF COCAINE.
AND THE E.L.T. HAD THE WEAPONS
AND AN UNLIMITED SUPPLY
OF YOUNG. POOR.
ILLITERATE SOLDIERS.
THEY CAME IN HARD.
AND THEY CAME IN FAST.
AND THEY TOOK OVER
THE DRUG TRADE.
WHATEVER POLITICAL AGENDA
THEY STARTED WITH
HAS. AT THIS POINT.
BEEN COMPLETELY PERVERTED.
DID YOU KNOW THAT
WHEN YOU MOVED HERE?
LISTEN. CAN WE JUST
GET PRACTICAL HERE?
JUST FOR A SECOND?
CAN YOU JUST EXPLAIN HOW
THIS WORKS. STEP BY STEP?
YOU WAIT FOR A CONTACT.
THEY MAKE A DEMAND.
WE START NEGOTIATING.
NEGOTIATE?
WHAT'S TO NEGOTIATE?
EVERYTHING. WE PAY
TOO FAST. PAY TOO MUCH.
MAKE IT LOOK TOO EASY.
AND INSTEAD OF
GETTING PETER BACK.
WHAT WE'LL GET
IS A NEW MESSAGE.
THANKING US
FOR THE DOWN PAYMENT
AND ASKING FOR MORE.
WHAT WE WANT TO DO.
ALL THAT WE WANT TO DO.
IS FIND A NUMBER.
A DOLLAR FIGURE
THAT GETS PETER BACK IN ONE
PIECE AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
NO. NO.
Terry: LET ME JUST
CLARIFY SOMETHING.
THIS IS NOT
ABOUT RESCUES.
THIS IS NOT ABOUT BRINGING
ANYBODY TO JUSTICE.
RELYING ON THE POLICE
DOWN HERE IS DANGEROUS.
THE ARMY'S NO BETTER.
THEY'RE PUMPED UP.
AND THEY'RE TRIGGER-HAPPY.
THE LAST THING WE NEED
IS HEROICS.
SO WE RELY ON NOBODY.
AT LEAST NOBODY LOCAL.
WAIT A MINUTE.
WHAT ABOUT THE EMBASSY?
I'M STILL WAITING
FOR THEM TO CALL ME BACK.
THE U.S. MISSION
DOWN HERE AT THE MOMENT
IS TO TRY AND FIND A WAY
TO BREAK THE E.L.T.'s BACK.
AND SWITCH THIS COUNTRY'S
ECONOMY FROM DRUGS TO PETROLEUM.
PETER DOES NOT FIT
INTO THOSE PLANS.
THE EMBASSY CANNOT HELP YOU.
AND THEY KNOW IT.
THE MOST YOU'RE GONNA GET
IS A SYMPATHETIC SMILE
AND A PAT ON THE BACK.
Janis: HOW LONG
IS THIS GONNA TAKE?
Terry: IN TRUTH.
I DON'T KNOW.
YOU NEED TO SETTLE IN
FOR A LONG HAUL.
NOTHING GOES QUICKLY
IN TECALA.
BUT THE PEOPLE
HOLDING PETER.
THEY DO KNOW
WHAT THEY'RE DOING.
HE'S A VERY
VALUABLE COMMODITY.
AND YOU MUST BELIEVE THAT
IT'S IN THEIR BEST INTEREST
TO KEEP HIM HEALTHY.
[SPEAKING
SPANISH]
Terry: IS PETER
IN THE HABIT
OF TAKING OFF
FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS
AND NOT TELLING YOU
WHERE HE'S GONNA BE?
NO. WHAT ARE YOU
GETTING AT?
HOW'S HIS HEALTH?
Janis: PETER'S HEALTH'S
ALWAYS BEEN FINE.
Terry: MEDICATION?
Alice: NO.
WHAT ABOUT
ALLERGIES?
NO! NOTHING!
HE'S ALLERGIC TO CHLORINE
AND STRAWBERRIES.
A BLOOD VESSEL POPPED
IN HIS EYE LAST MONTH.
HE'S BEEN TAKING DROPS.
AND HE'S VERY PRONE
TO EAR INFECTIONS.
WHAT ABOUT EMOTIONALLY?
YOU THINK HE'S EQUIPPED TO
HANDLE THIS KIND OF STRESS?
WHAT KIND OF STRESS
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
HEY!
[SPEAKING
SPANISH]
OH!
[LAUGHING]
[SPEAKING
SPANISH]
Janis: I DON'T KNOW. FRANK.
HE DOESN'T KNOW.
IT COULD BE ONE WEEK.
IT COULD BE 6.
I JUST DON'T KNOW!
SHE'S ALICE.
WHAT CAN I TELL YOU?
ALICE IS ALICE.
SHE'S STILL OUT THERE
TRYING TO SAVE THE WORLD.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
WHAT SHE'S FEELING.
SO. WHO ARE YOU?
I MEAN. PEOPLE WHO DO THIS.
ARE YOU LAWYERS.
FOREIGN SERVICE. WHAT?
SOME LAW ENFORCEMENT.
SOME INTELLIGENCE.
MOSTLY IT'S MILITARY.
WHICH ARE YOU?
I WAS A SOLDIER.
WHAT KIND OF SOLDIER?
BRITISH ARMY.
YOU SOUND AUSTRALIAN.
I AM. YEAH.
I WAS IN THE REGIMENT
AT HOME. BUT. UH...
WE DON'T GET INTO A LOT
OF ACTION DOWN THERE.
SO I WENT
TO ENGLAND FOR THAT.
S.A.S.--
SPECIAL AIR SERVICE.
"SPECIAL" MEANING WHAT?
SPECIAL FORCES?
RIGHT.
Janis: DUFFY.
WHERE ARE YOU GUYS?
ALL RIGHT. I WANT YOU TO GO
DOWNSTAIRS. AND I WANT YOU--
YEAH. SHE IS A TRIP. HUH?
Janis: AND I WANT YOU
TO DO IT RIGHT NOW.
THEY GET ON?
WITH PETER?
SHE DRIVES HIM CRAZY.
SOMETIMES I THINK WE'VE BEEN
BOUNCING ALL OVER THE WORLD
JUST SO HE
CAN AVOID HER.
I READ THAT IN
THE EMPLOYMENT DOSSIER.
THE BOUNCING AROUND.
AHH. HE SHOULDN'T HAVE
BEEN IN THAT CONVERTIBLE.
HIS STUPID.
GODDAMN CAR.
TELL ME. WHAT'S. UH.
WITH ALL THE SCORPIONS?
YEAH. THIS HOUSE.
YEAH. IT'S INSANE. ISN'T IT?
SOME BUSTED DRUG LORD.
"EL ESCORPION."
BUILT IT FOR ONE
OF HIS MISTRESSES.
REALLY?
PETER CALLED. HE SAID HE FOUND
THIS RIDICULOUS. ENORMOUS HOUSE
THAT NOBODY WANTED
BECAUSE IT WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE CURSED OR SOMETHING.
CINTA. ONE OF THE MAIDS.
COMES EVERY SINGLE. UH. MONDAY.
AND SHE SPRINKLES
HOLY WATER AROUND.
SO. MAYBE IT IS CURSED.
ALL THAT BAD JUJU.
SO...THIS IS YOUR LIFE. HUH?
THIS IS WHAT YOU DO--
GO INTO PEOPLE'S HOUSES.
TELL THEM HOW IT IS.
IT'S A PART OF IT.
TRY TO FIGURE OUT
WHAT THEY'RE LIKE.
HOW THEY'RE GONNA BE.
HOW THEY'RE GONNA HOLD UP.
I MEAN. THAT'S WHAT
YOU'RE DOING. ISN'T IT?
MRS. BOWMAN.
I'M ON YOUR SIDE.
SO. HOW AM I DOING?
YOU KNOW.
FOR THE BEREAVED SPOUSE?
YOUR HUSBAND
ISN'T DEAD.
HE'S ALIVE.
AND I'M GONNA DO
EVERYTHING I CAN
TO MAKE SURE HE
GETS HOME SAFE.
THIS WON'T WORK
IF YOU BULLSHIT ME.
I CAN SEE THAT.
SO. WE'LL BE
STRAIGHT UP. THEN?
THAT'S EXACTLY
HOW WE'LL DO IT.
SORRY.
GOD. YOU'D THINK I'D
BEEN GONE FOR A MONTH.
JANIS. WOULD YOU
LIKE SOME WINE?
YOU KNOW I DON'T DRINK.
SO. WHERE WERE WE?
OH. SHIT!
I LIKE THIS!
iME GUSTA!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
I'M LINDA.
LINDA.
HE'S LOCO.
Sí. DON'T
BE AFRAID.
WE'RE NOT
GONNA KILL YOU.
[MAN SINGING
IN SPANISH]
FROM THE SEÑOR.
AHA...
THE COMPETITION
ARRIVES.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
HEY. HEY. HEY!
HELLO. MATE.
HEY. HEARD AN UGLY RUMOR
YOU WERE AROUND SOMEWHERE.
I SUPPOSED YOU'D GONE
ALL CIVILIZED
AND UNSOCIAL ON US.
YEAH.
WHAT'S THIS. THEN?
A FACE-LIFT?
YEAH. YEAH. I'M DOING
ONE SIDE AT A TIME.
YOU'RE GOOD?
HE LOOKS LIKE SHIT.
BUT HE'S WORKING.
SO WHAT ARE YOU
LADIES CELEBRATING?
LIFE. LIBERTY. AND THE ABILITY
TO PURCHASE CLITORIS.
JESUS. MATE.
THANK GOD
YOU'RE HERE. TERRY.
BECAUSE. I TELL YOU.
THE QUALITY OF CONVERSATION
HAS BEEN JUST...
All: BLOODY APPALLING!
SO WHERE WAS IT?
SOMEBODY SAID
YOU WERE IN TURKEY?
NUH-UH. NOT TURKEY.
CHECHNYA. RIGHT?
WITH THE FRENCHMAN.
LENOIR. YES?
KEEPING UPDATED. HUH?
MY GUYS TURNED
THAT ONE DOWN.
SOUNDS LIKE A JOB WYATT'S OUTFIT
WOULD TAKE. THOUGH.
OH. THANK YOU.
I HEARD YOU
WERE RETIRING.
WELL. YES. I WAS.
BUT INHERENT RISK
RANG ME WITH A SOB STORY.
YOU KNOW.
COULD I. PLEASE?
OLD TIMES' SAKE.
YEAH. WHAT ARE
YOU DOING?
UM. I AM WORKING ON
THE BIGGEST THING DOWN HERE.
MM-HMM.
HE'S DOING THE ITALIAN.
YES. CALITRI. BANKER.
OOH. HE'S VERY PLEASED
WITH HIMSELF.
I CAN TELL.
HA HA.
AND IAN HAS YOU OFF
IN FUCKIN' CHECHNYA. ALONE.
THAT'S WHY
I LEFT THERE. MAN.
LUTHAN RISK DOESN'T GIVE A SHIT
ABOUT YOU. AND YOU KNOW IT.
THANKS VERY MUCH.
NOW. YOU STILL GOT
THOSE COPS ON THE PAYROLL?
BETTER THAN EVER.
JUDGES. TOO.
GOOD. RUN SOME
NAMES FOR ME.
THAT TOP ONE IS
THIS CLIENT'S DRIVER.
OK. SHOULDN'T
BE A PROBLEM.
FOR A HEFTY PRICE.
DO YOU THINK WE'LL EVER
GET A FUCKING DRINK HERE?
I THINK SOMEBODY'S
KIDNAPPED THE BLOODY BARMAN.
THAT'S ALL RIGHT.
MATE.
MY SHARE.
BLOODY HELL.
IT'S JUST LIKE MINE.
IT IS YOURS.
IT IS MINE. YOU...
HEY. OLD MATE.
IT'S GOOD TO SEE YOU.
ALICE. HONEY.
I CAN'T TELL YOU
HOW SHOCKED I AM SOMETHING
LIKE THIS COULD HAPPEN.
DID YOU GET MY WIRE?
HOW ARE YOU HOLDING UP?
ARE YOU--
JANIS GOODMAN.
I'M PETER'S SISTER.
TED FELLNER.
I'M PETER'S BOSS.
LET'S STEP
INTO MY OFFICE.
YOU KNOW.
I WAS UP IN HOUSTON.
I GOT THIS PHONE CALL.
I JUST COULDN'T BELIEVE IT.
I GOT. UH. FLEW
BACK HERE LAST NIGHT.
WE'VE HAD EVERYONE
WORKING PHONES.
TRYING TO ACCESS
THE INFORMATION WE NEED
TO MAKE SOME INFORMED DECISIONS
AND MAKE THEM QUICKLY.
YES. THE RIGHT
DECISIONS.
PLEASE. SIT DOWN.
BOTH OF YOU.
WOULD YOU. UH.
LIKE SOME COFFEE
OR TEA OR...
NO. NO. I THINK
WE'RE FINE.
UM. WHERE'S
MR. THORNE?
THE GUY
FROM LUTHAN RISK.
Janis: RIGHT.
THERE'S BEEN
A CHANGE IN PLANS.
WELL. WHAT KIND
OF CHANGE?
WE THINK IT'S BEST
FOR ALL OF US.
UNDER THE CIRCUMSTANCES.
TO GO WITH
A LOCAL REPRESENTATIVE.
YOU DON'T WANT
TO USE LUTHAN RISK?
WHAT...WHAT
CIRCUMSTANCES?
THERE'S NO INSURANCE.
NONE OF US.
NO ONE AT QUAD-CARBON
HAS BEEN INSURED
FOR KIDNAPPING
SINCE LAST JULY.
SOME IDIOT IN NEW YORK
WAS TRYING TO CUT COSTS
AND DIDN'T REALIZE
WHAT THEY WERE DOING.
ALICE. HONEY.
PLEASE...
I MEAN. THIS COULD
BE ANY ONE OF US.
NOW. WE'RE DOING
WHAT WE CAN.
WE'RE TALKING
TO OCTONAL.
WE'RE TRYING
TO GET THEIR INPUT.
WE'RE HOPING THEY'LL
STEP UP AND COVER THIS.
BUT AT THIS POINT--
WELL. DON'T THEY
HAVE TO?
WELL. THEIR POSITION
IS THEY'RE--
THEY'RE
BUYING A PIPELINE.
NOT THE COMPANY.
SO IT'S
A BIT COMPLICATED.
THEIR POSITION?
HOW DO THEY ALREADY
HAVE A POSITION?
THIS JUST HAPPENED.
Janis: EXCUSE ME. COULD
YOU JUST TELL ME WHERE
QUAD-CARBON STANDS
IN ALL OF THIS?
QUAD-CARBON
IS EVAPORATING.
I MEAN.
THEY'RE SELLING OFF
WHAT THEY CAN.
JUST A LITTLE LATE
FOR MIRACLES.
SO. YOU'RE
ALL OUT OF WORK?
IT WOULD SEEM SO.
Alice: AND WHO'S THIS?
ALICE. THIS
IS ARTURO FERNANDEZ.
SEÑORA BOWMAN.
NOW. MR. FERNANDEZ
HAS BEEN
OUR LOCAL SECURITY
COORDINATOR FOR YEARS.
HE IS VERY WELL-CONNECTED
AND VERY EXPERIENCED.
AND I THINK IF YOU
GIVE US
A COUPLE MINUTES
TO TALK THIS OVER.
YOU'RE GONNA REALIZE
JUST HOW LUCKY WE ARE
TO HAVE HIM
WORKING WITH US.
MR. THORNE.
YOU'RE LEAVING SO SOON.
GRACIAS. PERHAPS NEXT TIME.
WE CAN GO DANCING.
WONDERFUL.
BOY. DID YOU
HAVE ME FOOLED.
I WAS JUST ABOUT
TO CALL YOU.
WHERE. FROM THE PLANE?
YOU STOOD IN MY HOUSE.
AND YOU TOLD ME
THAT I DIDN'T HAVE
TO WORRY ANYMORE.
YOU STOOD THERE.
WE ALL THOUGHT QUAD-CARBON
WAS STILL A CLIENT.
WHAT ABOUT US?
WE CAN'T BE THE CLIENT?
LOOK. I REALLY AM SORRY.
IT'S NOT A GOOD SITUATION
FOR US. EITHER.
"US"? YOU.
YOU STOOD IN MY KITCHEN.
AND YOU TOLD ME MY
HUSBAND WAS COMING HOME.
QUAD-CARBON
IS OUT OF BUSINESS. OK?
OCTONAL SPENDS 40 MILLION A YEAR
ON K AND R INSURANCE
ALL OVER THE WORLD.
MY COMPANY HAS
30% OF THAT PACKAGE.
OCTONAL DOES NOT
LIKE CONFLICT.
PETER DOESN'T
WORK FOR OCTONAL!
THAT'S THE POINT.
THAT'S THE WAY THEY WANT IT.
NO QUAD-CARBON
CONFUSION.
I'M NOT EVEN SUPPOSED
TO TALK TO YOU.
SO THIS IS. WHAT.
THIS IS YOU BEING BRAVE?
NO. THIS IS ME
DOING MY JOB.
WELL. IT'S GOOD
I CAME BY. THEN.
RIGHT. SOLDIER?
LET YOU GET THAT
OFF YOUR CHEST.
I'M SURE IT'S ALL
GONNA WORK OUT.
HEY! YOU KNOW
THEY'RE GIVING US
SOME
LOCAL SECURITY GUY?
THEY'RE GIVING US
EXACTLY THE KIND OF GUY
YOU WARNED ME ABOUT.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
TO TELL YOU.
I DON'T MAKE POLICY.
GREAT. SO. WHEN THIS IS OVER
AND MY HUSBAND'S DEAD
AND I'M SUING THE SHIT
OUT OF THESE BASTARDS.
YOU CAN TELL THE JUDGE
YOU DID EVERYTHING
YOU COULD TO HELP ME OUT?
WAIT A MINUTE.
WAIT! WAIT!
WAIT! WA--
OH. NO! NO! WAIT!
LISTEN TO ME.
I'M SORRY. ALL RIGHT?
I APOLOGI--
I'M SORRY! I'M S--
I'M SORRY TO BE
LIKE THIS. BUT...
YOU ARE...
YOU ARE THE FIRST...
YOU ARE THE ONLY
PERSON I'VE MET...
WHO KNOWS WHAT THEY'RE
TALKING ABOUT.
SO I AM BEGGING YOU.
I AM TOTALLY BEGGING YOU
TO HELP ME OUT ON THIS.
YOU ASKED ME NOT
TO BULLSHIT YOU. RIGHT?
RIGHT.
I GOT A PLANE TO CATCH.
Doorman: HAVE A NICE DAY.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
[CONTINUOUS
KNOCKING]
ALICE. HI. I'M SORRY.
WE JUST HAD A CALL.
IT'S ABOUT PETER.
THEY SAID TO LOOK IN OUR
CAR. WE'D FIND A CELL PHONE.
AND THIS WAS THERE!
THEY ARE CALLING BACK
TO THIS PHONE IN 20 MINUTES.
GOD. ALICE.
THEY HAVE OUR PHONE NUMBER.
OH. MY GOD.
Fernandez: Sí. Sí. Sí.
COMPRENDO. COMPRENDO.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
IRE YO MISMO
SI ES NECESARIO.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Sí. Sí. Sí. Sí.
NO. NO. NO.
IRE YO MISMO
SI ES NECESARIO
Sí. Sí. Sí.
HABLAMOS.
PETER IS ALIVE!
HE'S DEFINITELY
BEING HELD
BY EL EJERCITO
DE LIBERACIO DE TECALA.
AND HE'S IN GOOD HEALTH. BUT
HE IS A PRISONER OF WAR.
AND THEY WANT $5 MILLION
FOR HIS RELEASE.
OH. MY GOD!
OBVIOUSLY. THIS
IS NEGOTIABLE.
OK? THEY ALWAYS START
WITH A BIG NUMBER.
AND HE SAYS THAT IN
ORDER TO MAKE IT BETTER
FOR PETER'S
CARE AND FOOD
AND TO PROVE TO US
THAT HE'S ALIVE...
THEY WANT TO GET
A FIRST TRANSFER.
AS A GESTURE
OF GOOD FAITH. UH...
AS SOON AS POSSIBLE.
FIRST TRANSFER
BEING WHAT?
UH. 1.5 BILLION PESOS.
JESUS!
IT'S ONLY--
ONLY $50.000.
CAN I TALK TO HIM?
NO. I DON'T
THINK SO.
NO. THIS GUY.
HE'S GONNA MAKE
ONE LAST CONTACT.
HE'S GONNA
LET US KNOW
WHERE
TO GO FOR THIS.
BUT. LADIES...
THE IMPORTANT THING
IS THAT PETER IS ALIVE.
THIS IS
VERY POSITIVE.
IT'S VERY FAST.
A CASE LIKE THIS.
VERY FAST. HONEST.
COULD YOU EXCUSE US
FOR A MOMENT. PLEASE?
SURE.
THANK YOU.
I AM NOT TRUSTING
THAT MAN WITH $50.000.
WHAT IS
THE ALTERNATIVE?
WILL YOU FEEL GOOD
ABOUT THIS? ABOUT HIM?
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE TELLING ME?
NO. THAT IS NOT WHAT I SAID.
THAT'S NOT WHAT I MEANT.
THAT'S NOT THE POINT!
IT FEELS
OUT OF CONTROL!
NOW. THERE'S
MORE THAN ONE
PERSON OUT THERE
WHO DOES THIS.
YOU'VE BEEN ON THE
PHONE FOR 2 DAYS.
AND WHAT HAVE
WE GOT? NOTHING!
I WANT TO WAIT
FOR THE GUY IN MIAMI.
HOW LONG? 5 DAYS?
2 WEEKS?
YOU WANT
TO COMPARISON SHOP?
PETER IS ALIVE NOW!
PETER IS MY
LITTLE BROTHER!
I'M TRYING TO BE
SMART ABOUT THIS.
I'VE NEVER
DONE THIS BEFORE.
I KNOW. I'M JUST...
I KNOW.
Peter: ASK HIM WHERE
DOES HE THINK I'M GONNA GO?
ASK HIM HOW LONG
I HAVE TO BE HERE.
WHAT DID HE SAY?
NEVER MIND.
IT'S OK. IT'S OK.
UM. LORD LUCAN IS ACTUALLY
LIVING IN THE UKRAINE
IN--IN--IN A SANATORIUM
WITH RUBBER--
TERRY. TERRY.
WELCOME BACK.
HELLO. TERRY.
HELLO. SIR.
PLEASURE SEEING YOU AGAIN.
CHEERS.
STEVE.
ROUND AT WESTMINSTER
AND BACK DOWN
TO GREENWICH. PLEASE.
IF YOU WOULD.
AYE. SIR.
TERRY.
UH. TWO OF THESE.
PLEASE.
HERE'S TO.
UH. DODGING BULLETS.
[GLASSES CLINK]
CAN YOU BELIEVE WE ALMOST LOST
A $12 MILLION CONTRACT
OVER THIS QUAD-CARBON FIASCO?
OCTONAL GOT QUITE PUT OFF
BY THE WHOLE ADVENTURE.
OH. I'M SURE YOU DID
AS WELL.
QUITE RIGHT. TOO.
I'LL MAKE IT UP TO YOU.
TERRY.
I WILL.
SO WHAT HAPPENS
TO THESE PEOPLE?
WHO?
THE BOWMANS--WHAT
HAPPENS TO THEM NOW?
OH. COME ON.
THEY'LL FIND A WAY THROUGH.
CHRIST.
WE GOT HALF A DOZEN FIRMS
BREATHING DOWN OUR BACKS
AS IT IS.
BELIEVE ME.
SOMEBODY WANTS THIS CASE.
OK. WHO?
GIVE ME A NAME
OF A COMPANY
THAT DOESN'T HAVE
OCTONAL BUSINESS
THAT YOU WOULD TRUST--
TRUST WITH
YOUR OWN FAMILY.
THEY'LL BE FINE.
SO. LOOK...
I GOT A TRIP TO BANGKOK
NEEDS DOING.
2 OR 3 DAYS AT THE MOST.
STRICTLY
MANAGEMENT ASSIGNMENT.
WAVE THE FLAG.
TALK TO A FEW PEOPLE.
AFTER THAT.
I THOUGHT YOU MIGHT WANT
A TRIP TO THE BEACH
AT PHUKET.
[ALL COUNTING]
HEY. IF YOU'RE
HANDLING THE TWENTIES.
IT'S 50.
AND IF YOU'RE HANDLING
THE FIFTIES. IT'S 20.
I KNOW! I KNOW!
SHE KNOWS!
DON'T!
[COUNTING RESUMES]
Janis: OH. DAMN IT!
OH. MY CHRIST!
SHIT! THIS IS RIDICULOUS!
JANIS! JANIS!
[ALL TALKING AT ONCE]
Janis: DAMN IT!
Alice: HOLD ON.
HOW MANY DID YOU
HAVE IN THERE?
I HAD 50!
I MEAN HOW COME
EVERYBODY KEEPS ASKING ME
HOW MUCH MONEY I HAD?!
NO! NO! NO!
PLEASE. MR. FERNANDEZ.
COME ON. JANIS.
CALM DOWN.
[TAPPING ON DOOR]
ARE YOU
EXPECTING SOMEONE?
NO.
WATCH OUT.
OW!
Janice:
THAT GUY IS SO--
MAYBE IT'S ELIO.
WHOEVER IT IS--OUT.
PLEASE. MR. FERNANDEZ.
LET ME HANDLE IT.
[TAPPING ON DOOR]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
I WANTED TO APOLOGIZE.
I THOUGHT YOU
DID THAT ALREADY.
OH. MY GOD.
IT'S YOU.
Terry: HELLO. JANIS.
Alice: WHAT DO YOU WANT?
I JUST WANTED TO TELL YOU
HOW SORRY I WAS
ABOUT THE WAY THINGS WENT.
WELL. GREAT.
IT'S JUST THAT. UH.
WE'RE KIND OF IN THE MIDDLE
OF SOMETHING HERE.
LOOK. I UNDERSTAND YOU MIGHT
BE RELUCTANT TO HEAR ME OUT.
BUT I WANT TO OFFER YOU
MY SERVICES.
HAVEN'T WE
DONE THIS ALREADY?
I THOUGHT
YOUR HANDS WERE TIED.
THEY WERE.
WHAT ABOUT YOUR COMPANY?
I'D BE DOING THIS ALONE.
SEÑORA. SEÑORA!
SEÑORA. PLEASE--
HEY. IT'S OK.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
WHAT'S ALL THIS?
WE'RE ACTUALLY
PUTTING TOGETHER A PAYMENT.
WHAT KIND OF PAYMENT?
FOR PETER. IT'S
A GOOD-FAITH PAYMENT.
GOOD FAITH.
Janis: WE'RE GETTING
A PROOF OF LIFE.
SO WHO
PUT THIS TOGETHER?
SEÑORA. I MUST INSIST.
HI. HOW'RE YOU DOING?
I'M TERRY THORNE.
NICE TO MEET YOU.
HEY. YOU CAN'T COME IN HERE!
[ALL YELLING AT ONCE]
WHOA!
WHAT HAVE WE GOT HERE?
WE GOT 1. 2. 3 GUYS
WITH GUNS IN HERE.
A SHITLOAD OF MONEY.
HOLY SNAPPIN' ASSHOLES.
LOOK AT THIS. EH?
[SCREAMING]
[ALL YELLING AT ONCE]
Alice: YOU TELL THEM
TO PUT THAT GUN DOWN!
ALL RIGHT! ALL RIGHT!
ALL RIGHT!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
I ASK YOU NOT TO COME IN.
NOW. THESE LADIES. MAYBE
THEY DON'T UNDERSTAND SO GOOD.
BUT YOU--YOU UNDERSTAND.
DON'T YOU?
OH. YEAH.
I GET THIS. MATE.
YOU WANT TO TALK
TO THESE LADIES.
YOU COME BACK LATER.
LATER?
LIKE WHEN
THE MONEY'S GONE?
THERE YOU GO.
I GET THAT ONE.
TOO. MATE.
OK. ALL RIGHT.
OK. THAT'S
WHAT I'M DOING. MATE.
OK? YOU KNOW. I DO THIS
FOR A LIVING. MATE.
I DO THIS ALL THE TIME. OK?
THIS IS MY JOB.
YOU KNOW.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU NEVER BUY
A PROOF OF LIFE.
THAT'S BULLSHIT.
YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
Terry: I KNOW
WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.
YOU NEVER PAY
FOR A PROOF OF LIFE.
YOU NEVER PACK MONEY
IN YOUR CLIENT'S HOUSE
UNLESS IT'S
A FUCKING EMERGENCY.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT ELSE?
YOU DON'T WAVE GUNS
AROUND PEOPLE
YOU'RE TRYING TO HELP.
[SCREAMING]
DON'T DO THAT!
PUT YOUR GUN DOWN.
PUT IT DOWN.
OR I'LL BLOW YOUR HEAD OFF.
NOW!
LOOK AT THIS.
LOOK. THERE IT IS.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
JUST CALM DOWN.
DO IT!
THERE YOU GO.
ALL RIGHT?
WHAT ARE YOU
GONNA DO NOW. ASSHOLE?
ALICE...
ASK HIM TO LEAVE.
WHAT?
THANK THEM VERY MUCH
FOR THEIR HELP
AND ASK THEM TO LEAVE.
ME? YOU ARE TELLING ME?
Sí.
YOU'RE TAKING
THE CASE?
YES.
ENOUGH WITH THIS!
LEAVE NOW!
MR. FERNANDEZ...
I'D LIKE YOU TO GO.
NOW. YOU HEARD MRS. BOWMAN.
BUT I'M NOT
GOING ANYWHERE. PAL!
YOU ARE! NOW!
CAN I MAKE A SUGGESTION?
I CAN HARDLY WAIT.
CAN I?
I THINK YOU SHOULD
TAKE A DEEP BREATH AND CALM DOWN
AND LOOK OVER YOUR SHOULDER
AND MEET A FRIEND OF MINE.
AAH!
[GASPS]
ARTURO!
[GUN COCKS]
DOWN. PUT THE FUCKING THING
DOWN. MATE.
THOUGHT YOU WERE
GOING LEGIT. MAN.
Terry: DOWN.
DINO.
WELL. YEAH.
iVAMOS! GO!
ALL OF YOU! YOU. TOO!
YOU. TOO! RIGHT NOW!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
OKEY-DOKEY.
LET'S GET THIS
ALL CLEANED UP. HUH?
OH. GOD!
[INDISTINCT RADIO CHATTER]
OH. JEEZ.
WHEN ARE YOU GUYS GONNA
PUT THOSE THINGS AWAY?
HAVE A CIGARETTE.
IT MIGHT HELP.
SANDRO'S GOING AROUND AGAIN.
ELIODORO'S READY
WHEN YOU ARE.
OK. WE ARE
THE TALK OF THE TOWN. BUDDY.
IS IT COMPLIMENTARY?
YOU'D BE FLATTERED.
WHERE'S MRS. BOWMAN?
CHECK THE KITCHEN.
HEY.
YEAH?
THAT WAS FUN.
YEAH.
MRS. BOWMAN.
[SOBBING]
ALICE?
OH.
DINO AND SANDRO ARE GOING TO
TAKE THE DUMMY BAGS INTO TOWN.
MAKE IT LOOK GOOD.
WE'LL KEEP THE CASH HERE.
LOOK. I NEED TO KNOW.
WAS THERE ANY KIND OF PLAN?
WAS THERE A CONTACT SCHEDULE?
NO.
WE WERE JUST WAITING
FOR ANOTHER CALL.
I HAVEN'T CRIED
SINCE THIS STARTED.
IT'S JUST--
HEY. HEY. HEY.
IT'S OK.
IT'S JUST THE TENSION
FINALLY JUST--
IT'S OK.
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
NOBODY WAS GONNA
TAKE YOUR CASE.
NOBODY ANY GOOD. ANYWAY.
I KNOW.
BUT YOU CAME BACK.
AND WE HAVE TO DO THIS
MY WAY. RIGHT?
WE'LL DO IT TOGETHER.
BUT YOU JUST GOT TO--
EVEN IF IT GETS TOUGH.
YOU HAVE TO LEARN
TO TRUST ME.
Peter: MORNING.
HOW ARE YOU?
YEAH.
CóMO ESTá?
BIEN.
WE'VE BEEN LISTENING
TO THIS ALL NIGHT.
ESTúPIDO.
ESTúPIDO IS RIGHT.
SO. WHAT ARE YOU
DOING HERE?
LINDA. YOU'RE SMART.
YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON.
I HAVE NO FAMILY.
THIS IS NOT YOUR FAMILY.
THEY ARE MY FAMILY.
LET ME BE YOUR FAMILY.
NO.
Sí. Sí.
THEY'RE MY FAMILY.
YES. THEY ARE MY FAMILY.
LINDA...
PLEASE. PLEASE.
JUST HELP ME.
LINDA.
YOU CAN DO IT.
QUé?
HELP ME.
LINDA JUST--
NO. LEAVE THE WOOD.
LINDA. NO.
I NEED THE WOOD.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
[CAR HORN HONKING]
WHO ANSWERED THE PHONE?
MARIA.
I WAS IN THE SHOWER.
JANIS STAYED HOME IN CASE
THERE WERE ANY MORE CALLS.
WHERE DID THEY
HIDE IT?
LOOK FOR THE JESUS
WITH THE PURPLE ROBE.
IT SHOULD BE
UNDER THE ALTAR CLOTH.
Alice: DID YOU GET IT?
IT'S GOOD.
WE GOT RADIO FREQUENCIES.
TIMES TO CALL.
WE'RE ON FOR WEDNESDAYS
AND SUNDAYS.
[GUNSHOT]
[3 GUNSHOTS]
iHOLA!
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Peter: YOU KNOW WHAT I WANT?
I'D LIKE 5 MINUTES ALONE
WITH YOU WITHOUT YOUR GUN.
I'D TAKE YOUR WHOLE
FUCKING WORLD APART
WITHOUT BREAKING A SWEAT.
COMPRENDE?
I WANT MY SHIRT.
I WANT MY SPOON.
POINT THAT FUCKING THING
AT ME ONE MORE TIME--
OH. BIG MAN! SHOW ME
HOW FUCKING BIG YOU ARE!
I'LL MAKE YOU EAT
THAT GODDAMN RIFLE!
I WANT MY--
[GUNSHOTS]
[SCREAMING]
[MAN ON RADIO SPEAKING]
THE FAMILY--
HE WANTS THE FAMILY.
JUST TELL HIM TO FORGET IT.
ALL RIGHT?
WE REPRESENT THE FAMILY.
BUT I--
JUST DO IT.
DO IT.
[ELIODORO SPEAKING SPANISH]
Man on radio: PUT HIS WIFE
ON THE RADIO RIGHT NOW.
OR WE FORGET
THE WHOLE FUCKING THING.
WHO IS THIS?
Man: I SAID I WANT TO SPEAK
WITH THE WIFE. ASSHOLE.
WHO IS THIS?
YOU CAN CALL ME TIO.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
HA. TIO. CARAJO.
CALL ME MARCO.
Terry: OK. MARCO.
NOW. YOU'RE NOT MAKING
ALL THE RULES HERE. MATE.
WE WANT TO WORK WITH YOU.
BUT WE WANT A PROOF OF LIFE.
AND WE'RE NOT PAYING FOR IT.
IF THERE'S ANY GOOD FAITH.
MATE.
IT CAN START WITH THAT.
Marco: OK. UNCLE TIO.
SO YOU ARE THE ONE
IN CHARGE NOW. HUH?
THAT'S RIGHT.
GOOD.
THEN YOU WILL BE
RESPONSIBLE
FOR THE DEATH
OF PETER BOWMAN.
OH. JESUS.
DO YOU UNDERSTAND ME?!
YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE.
HE'S GONE?
YEAH. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
JUST GET USED TO IT.
IT'S THE WAY IT'S DONE.
[HELICOPTER APPROACHES]
GET OFF. GET OFF.
POR FAVOR.
GOD DAMN IT.
I'VE NEVER
SEEN YOU SMOKE.
I SMOKE WHEN I PLAY CARDS.
IS THAT SUPPOSED TO BE
REASSURING?
THIS IS HOW IT GOES.
ALICE. OK?
THEY'VE COME TO US.
WE'VE ESTABLISHED
RADIO CONTACT.
THIS IS ALL POSITIVE.
WHO DO YOU CARE ABOUT?
I TOLD YOU
YOU'D HAVE TO TRUST ME.
AND YOU SAID YOU COULD.
DINO SAYS YOU HAVE
A 13-YEAR-OLD SON.
YEAH.
SURPRISED?
WHAT IF IT WAS HIM?
WHAT IF IT WAS YOUR SON
UP THERE IN THE MOUNTAINS?
THEN I WOULD FIND SOMEBODY
THAT I COULD TRUST.
AND I WOULD DO
WHAT THEY TOLD ME.
SO WHAT'S HE LIKE?
WHAT'S YOUR SON LIKE?
HE'S QUIET...
SMART. YOU KNOW...
SEEMS TO MAKE
GOOD FRIENDS...
GOOD RUGBY PLAYER.
YOU KNOW.
I SEE HIM ALL DONE UP.
AND I THINK. GOD.
HE'S JUST AT THE END
OF BEING A BOY. AND...
I MISSED IT.
I JUST HAVEN'T
BEEN THERE FOR HIM.
YOU KNOW. TRUTHFULLY.
WE...
WE REALLY
DON'T KNOW EACH OTHER.
WHEN HE TALKS TO ME.
IT'S LIKE
HE'S ON A PARADE ROUTE.
SO HE'S A SOLDIER
LIKE HIS DAD.
NO.
HE WANTS TO BE A PILOT
AND GET ALL THE GIRLS.
AND HIS MOTHER?
MMM. NOW.
THERE'S THE SOLDIER.
OH. I GUESS
SHE'D HAVE TO BE.
HA. YOU KNOW HOW AN ENGLISH
GENERAL'S DAUGHTER
GETS BACK AT DADDY?
SHE MARRIES
AN AUSTRALIAN.
YOU NEVER REMARRIED?
MM-MMM.
I TOOK UP THE VEIL.
YOU KNOW. THIS JOB.
YOU--YOU GOT A RHYTHM.
YOU START MOVING. AND...
JUST TAKES OVER.
NAME?
PETER BOWMAN.
Officer: PETER--
BOWMAN.
Soldier: COME.
HEY.
YOU STAY HERE.
HEY!
WHAT?
SHH. QUIET. JA. WHISPER.
You came today
from the mountains.
I'm Kessler--
Erich Kessler.
Peter--
Peter Bowman.
Kessler.
Did you know my name?
I'm a missionary.
You--you know something.
perhaps?
About my situation?
Some news. ja?
Something?
No. I don't know.
Are you a hostage. too?
There's an Italian
up the hill
at the farmhouse.
He came a week ago.
Is he your friend?
No. No. I was
brought here alone.
What kind of camp
is this?
Once it was only for drugs.
to make cocaine
at the river...
but now from the fighting.
it's all the soldiers.
How long
have you been here?
SHH!
You need soap for your feet.
Maybe tomorrow
I can steal some.
How long
have you been here?
19 months.
They think I'm crazy.
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
DOVER.
OH. HEY. TERRY.
I'M REALLY SORRY.
THIS IS ALICE BOWMAN.
JANIS GOODMAN.
DOVER McLOON.
CONSULATE OFFICER.
LOOK. I KNOW WE WERE
SCHEDULED TO MEET TODAY.
BUT SOMETHING'S COME UP.
WE'VE BEEN WAITING
FOR AN HOUR AND A HALF.
I KNOW THAT. I KNOW.
I REALLY WANT TO HEAR
ABOUT YOUR PROGRESS.
LOOK. I'M SYMPATHETIC.
WE ALL ARE.
BUT WE'VE GOT A SITUATION.
WHAT KIND OF SITUATION?
LOOK. I REALLY JUST THINK
WE HAVE TO RESCHEDULE.
SYMPATHETIC?
WHAT THE HELL DOES
THAT MEAN?! SYMPATHETIC?
THE E.L.T. JUST LIT OFF
3 CAR BOMBS AROUND THE CITY.
THEY'VE THREATENED
THE EMBASSY.
IT'S A MESS. I GOTTA GO
ISSUE A STATEMENT.
THAT'S OK. MATE.
YOU STAY SAFE.
THANKS. TERRY.
HEY. MATE.
SIR.
WE NEED TO CLEAR OUT.
THEY'VE HAD A BOMB THREAT.
Janis:
THERE'S BEEN WHAT?!
Alice: IT'S OK.
STAY CALM.
[CAR ALARM CHIRPS]
Janis: WHAT'S HAPPENING?
JUST GET IN THE CAR.
JANIS.
WHAT IS THIS?
IS IT FROM THEM?
DON'T OPEN THAT. ALICE.
DON'T OPEN IT.
NO. NO. NO. TERRY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT--JUST OPEN IT.
PUT YOUR SEAT BELTS ON.
WE'RE GOING TO THE HOTEL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
JUST OPEN IT. TERRY.
NOT HERE.
OK. HOW ABOUT A NICE.
BIG SMILE?
QUESO.
YOU SKINNY MOTHERFUCKER.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
AH! SHIT.
EH...AH...SHIT.
GO ON. CLOSE THE DOOR.
TAKE A SEAT.
TERRY. JUST OPEN IT.
PLEASE. JUST OPEN IT.
COME ON. IS IT A PROOF
OF LIFE OR NOT?
JANIS. GIVE ME A MINUTE
AND TAKE A SEAT. OK?
Janis: IT IS.
IT'S A PROOF OF LIFE.
ISN'T IT?
USUALLY I DO THIS
BY MYSELF. OK?
JUST WAIT A MINUTE.
THERE'S THINGS HERE
THAT THEY WANT US TO SEE.
HMM...
LOOK. YOU NEVER GET
A PRETTY PICTURE. OK?
[GASPS]
OH.
OH. GOD.
Janis: HIS FEET.
OH. HE LOOKS TERRIBLE.
OH.
WHAT HAPPENED
TO HIS FEET?
YOU SAID THAT THEY KNEW
HE WAS VALUABLE.
THAT THEY WOULD
TAKE CARE OF HIM.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
THIS IS IT. RIGHT?
THE ONE HE'S HOLDING
IN THE PICTURE?
WHAT? DO YOU
SAVE ALL THE PAPERS?
THIS IS GOOD NEWS. OK?
I MEAN.
THIS IS GOOD LUCK.
IT'S WHAT WE'VE
BEEN WAITING FOR.
NOW WE KNOW WE'RE IN PLAY.
ALL WE HAVE TO DO NOW
IS START TALKING SPECIFICS.
MONEY.
I NEED TO KNOW EXACTLY
HOW MUCH I'VE GOT TO WORK WITH.
JANIS. YOU'RE GOING TO
HAVE TO GET BACK TO DENVER
AND START PUTTING
THIS CASH TOGETHER.
WE'RE GONNA SHOOT
FOR $600.000.
I'M HOPING
THAT'S WHERE WE LAND.
THANK YOU.
GRACIAS.
DON'T BE A FOOL.
STOP IT!
CALM DOWN.
IT'S NOTHING.
YOU SEE UP THERE.
THE FARMHOUSE?
THAT'S WHERE THEY'VE
GOT THE ITALIAN.
ON THE OTHER SIDE.
DOWN THE VALLEY.
THAT IS WHERE
THEY MAKE COCAINE.
WHEN YOU GET HOME.
YOU'RE GONNA WANT TO
TALK ABOUT THIS.
IT'S UNDERSTANDABLE.
I KNOW. IT'S NOT
RESTAURANT CONVERSATION.
IT'S NOT
FOR MY FRIENDS.
IT'S NOT EVEN
FOR MY KIDS.
RIGHT.
SO TURN THAT SCRAMBLE PHONE ON
WHEN YOU GET THERE.
TEST IT OUT STRAIGHT AWAY.
IF IT DOESN'T WORK.
I'LL COME UP WITH
SOMETHING ELSE. EH?
RIGHT.
YOU'RE DOING GREAT.
JANIS.
THANK YOU. JANIS.
IT'S NOT EVERY SOCCER MOM
WHO GETS HER OWN
ENCRYPTED PHONE. RIGHT?
[CHUCKLES]
IT'S A LOT OF MONEY. ALICE--
$600.000.
HE'S NOT EVEN SURE.
I KNOW.
YOU'VE GOT THE KIDS.
TUITIONS.
YOUR MORTGAGE--
I KNOW. ALL OF IT.
IT'S IMPOSSIBLE TO ASK.
BUT YOU'RE
OUR ONLY CHANCE. JANIS.
WHAT IF IT'S MORE?
I DON'T KNOW.
BUT I SWEAR.
IF IT TAKES EVERY DAY
FOR THE REST
OF MY LIFE.
I WILL PAY YOU BACK.
YOU AND FRANK.
I WILL.
I'M SORRY
IF I'VE BEEN. UH...
IT'S JUST THAT I'M
TRYING TO GET THROUGH THIS.
TRYING TO BE...
STRONG.
HE'S LUCKY TO HAVE YA.
DON'T WORRY.
UNH!
[BELL CLANGS]
[MAN SHOUTS IN SPANISH]
WHAT'S THAT?
IT'S THE ALARM.
WHEN THEY RING
THE BELL LIKE THAT.
THE ARMY'S COMING
ACROSS THE RIVER
WHERE AREON A RAID.
THEY GOING?
THEY ARE GOING DOWN
TO PROTECT THEIR
COCAINE FACTORIES.
IT'S BECOMING A WAR.
AMIGO. GRACIAS.
WHAT IS IT?
NOTHING.
[CROWD SCREAMING]
WHAT WAS THAT?
E.L.T. SENDING A MESSAGE.
IT'S GOT NOTHING
TO DO WITH US.
COME ON. LET'S GO.
Marco: $3 MILLION IS THE PRICE
FOR PETER BOWMAN.
THAT'S
A RIDICULOUS FIGURE.
THIS IS
NOT A BUSINESSMAN.
HE IS AN ENGINEER.
HE WAS HERE
TO CONSTRUCT A DAM.
YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
COME DOWN FROM 3 MILLION.
OH. COME ON.
LIKE THIS IS A GAME.
WE ARE SAYING
CONCRETE THINGS.
AND YOU'RE HAVING US SUCK COCK
HERE WITH THIS BULLSHIT?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
MARCO. LOOK...
AT 400.000.
YOU'RE ALREADY
OVER MY LIMIT.
SO WHAT YOU NEED TO DO
IS TAKE THAT OFFER BACK.
Peter: WHAT THE HELL
IS THAT?
WHAT ARE THEY
BRINGING BACK?
IT'S A FRENCH HELICOPTER.
[SPEAKING FRENCH]
AND HOW WOULD YOU
KNOW THAT?
WHAT THE HELL IS THAT?
[TV REPORTER
SPEAKING SPANISH]
Terry: WELL. MARCO. I'VE GOT
SOME VERY GOOD NEWS FOR YOU.
I'VE COME UP WITH
ANOTHER $50.000. MARCO.
Marco: $50.000
CHANGES NOTHING.
I MIGHT AS WELL WALK
ACROSS THE CAMP.
GO INTO HIS CELL.
AND BLOW HIS BRAINS OUT.
OH. MY GOD.
ALICE...
HE'S NOWHERE NEAR PETER.
HOW DO YOU KNOW?
LOOK.
THAT'S A WEATHER SHEET
FROM LAST SUNDAY.
WHEN I WAS TALKING
TO HIM ON THE RADIO.
IT WAS RAINING OUTSIDE.
AND WHEN IT WAS
THUNDERING OUT THERE.
IT WAS THUNDERING
ON THE RADIO.
BUT IT'S NOT RAINING
IN THE MOUNTAINS.
SO WE KNOW PETER'S
3 DAYS AWAY.
THAT MEANS THAT
THIS GUY IS IN THE CITY.
MARCO. IF YOU
ARE NEAR PETER BOWMAN.
JUST GO AND GET HIM AND
PUT HIM ON THE RADIO
SO HE CAN TALK
TO HIS WIFE.
AND WE'LL ACCEPT THAT AS
A CURRENT PROOF OF LIFE.
OVER.
MARCO. DO YOU COPY?
YOU MUST UNDERSTAND
THAT YOU'RE DEALING WITH
A SINGLE FAMILY HERE.
Marco: WE KNOW HE WORKS
FOR THAT OIL COMPANY OCTONAL.
WE KNOW THAT OCTONAL
IS THE BIGGEST OIL COMPANY
IN THE WORLD.
PETER BOWMAN DOES
NOT WORK FOR OCTONAL.
GET THE MONEY
FROM THEM.
Terry: PETER BOWMAN
WAS HERE
AS A SUBCONTRACTOR...
IT'S HER--ALICE.
BEAUTIFUL.
Marco: I ASKED YOU
FOR 3 MILLION.
I COME DOWN TO 2 MILLION.
THIS IS AN INSULT.
HE IS LOSING FAITH
IN THE FAMILY
AND ESPECIALLY
IN THE WIFE.
THIS IS BULLSHIT. OK?
YOU KNOW HIM.
WE CAN'T BE RESPONSIBLE FOR
WHAT HE MAY DO TO HIMSELF.
I THINK WE JUSTALICE.
PUT HIM OUT OF HIS HEAD
AND SELL YOU THE BODY. OK?
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
I COULDN'T LISTEN ANYMORE.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
YOU OK?
PEOPLE SAY THINGS HAPPEN
FOR A REASON.
YOU MUST GET A LOT
OF THAT. RIGHT?
I HAD A MISCARRIAGE
8 MONTHS AGO
IN AFRICA.
IT WASN'T ANYBODY'S FAULT.
IT WASN'T PETER'S FAULT.
NOT LIKE I DIDN'T
TRY TO BLAME HIM
OR...
BLAME MYSELF.
LIKE I DESERVED IT.
LIKE THERE WAS A REASON.
IF I COULD JUST FIGURE IT OUT.
Peter: I ALWAYS THOUGHT
IF I WASN'T THE ONE
KEEPING CONTROL.
THEN EVERYTHING
WOULD FALL APART.
AND I THOUGHT
THAT I COULD JUST...
MAKE IT ALL HAPPEN.
THE PLACES WE'VE BEEN.
LIKE THAILAND...
UH. AFRICA...
THERE'S SO MUCH PAIN.
YOU KNOW?
YOU CAN'T POSSIBLY
MAKE ANY SENSE OUT OF IT.
YOU CAN'T PUSH IT AWAY.
EVEN IF YOU'RE PARALYZED BY IT.
WHAT GOOD ARE YOU? SO...
YOU LET IT GO.
Kessler: AND NOW THAT
YOU DON'T HAVE CONTROL?
[CHUCKLING]
IT'S LIKE FAITH.
ONCE YOU LET GO...
HOW EVERYTHING
BECOMES CLEAR. HUH?
AND ALL THE STUPID.
STUPID SHIT
THAT I WORRIED ABOUT.
EVERYTHING THAT
I PUT HER THROUGH.
I FEEL LIKE.
WELL. SINCE THE BABY.
I. UM...
IT'S LIKE EVERYTHING
I'VE LEARNED ALONG THE WAY
SOMEHOW DIDN'T APPLY
TO ME. TOO.
YOU THINK I WOULD
HAVE GOTTEN THE MESSAGE.
I GOTTA
GET THROUGH THIS.
I GOTTA GET HOME.
THINGS DON'T HAPPEN
FOR A REASON.
THEY JUST...
HAPPEN.
MY DAUGHTER
IS BURIED IN AFRICA.
WHO CAN EXPLAIN THAT?
WHAT WAS HER NAME?
MALI.
MALI JASMINE BOWMAN.
IT'S A BEAUTIFUL NAME.
YOU KNOW. NOBODY
EVER ASKED ME THAT.
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
Terry: OK. MARCO.
WE'VE GOT $475.000.
Marco: THAT IS NOT
A GOOD NUMBER.
MARCO. YOU GOTTA THINK
ABOUT IT.
IT IS A GOOD NUMBER.
IT'S THE RIGHT NUMBER.
IT'S THE ONLY NUMBER.
[MARIA SPEAKING SPANISH]
Terry: TELL YOUR FRIENDS
THERE IS NO COMPANY.
THERE'S NO INSURANCE.
ALL YOU'RE DEALING WITH
HERE IS THE FAMILY.
THIS FAMILY IS BULLSHIT.
THEY NEED TO START
THINKING HARDER.
LIKE AROUND 2 MILLION.
OR THEY'LL NEVER
SEE HIM AGAIN.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Terry:
IF WE CLOSE AT 500.
AND THAT'S WHAT
WE SHOULD LOOK AT.
WE SHOULD LOOK
AT $500.000.
YOU CAN FORGET IT.
I AM STARTING AT ONE--
MARCO.
YOU KEEP TALKING--
THE FAMILY'S
WORKED VERY HARD.
NOW YOU CAN'T
JUST LEAP THE NET WORTH
OF THE ASSETS
OF THIS MAN'S FAMILY.
Marco: TIO.
IT'S JUST NOT POSSIBLE.
I AM TRYING.
CAN YOU UNDERSTAND?
I AM WORKING MY PEOPLE!
I AM TRYING
TO MAKE THIS HAPPEN.
BUT I NEED SOMETHING
FROM YOU.
YOU GIVE ME NOTHING.
NOTHING!
MARCO. WE'VE GOT
600.000 U.S. DOLLARS.
600.000!
IT CHANGES NOTHING.
THE MAINTENANCE ALONE
FOR THIS PRODUCT
IS MORE THAN YOU
ARE OFFERING.
IF THAT
CHANGES NOTHING...
THEN YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
COME UP WITH A NUMBER
THAT DOES START
TO CHANGE THINGS.
Marco: IF YOU GO TO 650.
I WILL TAKE THAT BACK
TO MY PEOPLE.
YOU THINK YOU
CAN GET 650?
RIGHT. MARCO.
WE'RE GONNA CLOSE IT
AT 650.
OK. I WILL GO TO MY PEOPLE.
AND I WILL TALK TO YOU AGAIN
ON SUNDAY NIGHT.
NO. NO. NO. IT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
IT'S FINE. IT'S FINE.
I'LL BE OVER HERE.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Peter: Sí.
PETER.
PETER. WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
[WHISPERING]
Be quiet.
ARE YOU CRAZY?
WATCH. WATCH FOR ME.
WATCH FOR ME.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
IT'S TOO
DANGEROUS.GIVE ME THE BIBLE.
WHAT FOR?
GIVE ME YOUR
GODDAMN BIBLE!
ALL RIGHT.
WATCH.
PETER.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
OH. JESUS.
WE'RE RIGHT THERE.
AND THERE'S THE PIPELINE
RIGHT THERE.
HURRY UP. HURRY UP.
WE'RE SO CLOSE.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
THEY'RE COMING BACK.
OK.
PETER.
OH. SHIT. OK.
YOU'RE CRAZY. YOU'RE
RISKING OUR LIVES.
OK. ALMOST. ALMOST.
GODDAMN FOOL!
ALL RIGHT.
I'M GONNA BRING IT BACK.
I'M BRINGIN' IT BACK.
NO. IT'S TOO DANGEROUS.
I'LL DO IT.
MIRA. MIRA...
LOOK AT ME. LOOK AT ME.
LOOK AT ME.
AH! EH!
[SPEAKING IN SPANISH]
[IMITATING GUNSHOTS]
HOLA.
Sí.
MUY. MUY LUCKY.
THESE PIGS ARE LUCKY
TO HAVE YOU.
Sí...
MUY. MUY LUCKY.
Terry: SO THAT'S
FOR YOUR MAIN ACCOUNT.
THESE OTHER ONES ARE FOR
THE SUBSIDIARY ACCOUNTS.
I'M SIGNING ALL
OF THESE?
MM-HMM. AND INITIAL
EACH PAGE.
YOU HAVE TO KEEP
EACH ACCOUNT
UNDER $200.000.
ANYTHING OVER THAT.
THEY PUT
A MAGNIFYING GLASS ON IT.
ONCE THE ACCOUNTS
ARE AVAILABLE.
IT TAKES LESS THAN
AN HOUR FOR THE FUNDS
TO BE TRANSFERRED FROM
YOUR BANK IN DENVER.
AHH!
OH...OH...
HEY. DINO. THAT
THIRD DRAWER DOWN
IN THE BOTTOM THERE.
THERE'S CANDLES.
AND. MARIA?
YES?CAN YOU GRAB ME
SOME CANDLE HOLDERS?
Eliodoro: IT'S
THE THIRD TIME THIS WEEK.
SORRY ABOUT THAT.
DON'T APOLOGIZE. ONE HAS TO
LIVE WITH THESE GUERILLAS.
I SUPPOSE.
TORCH IT UP
VERY CAREFUL.
Alice: THANKS.
AND YOU NEED TO INITIAL
THE PASSPORT NUMBERS.
THE HOST WITH THE MOST.
JUST LIKE YOUR LAST
BIRTHDAY PARTY. DINO.
[CHUCKLING]
WHAT HAPPENED AT YOUR
LAST BIRTHDAY PARTY?
TERRY POPPED OUT
OF A CAKE.
SCARED THE SHIT OUT OF US.
IT'S A K AND R THING.
[BOTH LAUGH]
YOU GOTTA GET ME
A PAIR OF THOSE BOOTS.
I'M NEVER GONNA MAKE IT
OUTTA HERE IN THESE.
YOU WON'T MAKE IT
WITHOUT ME.
NO.
I AM NOT GONNA BE
RESPONSIBLE FOR YOU.
THIS IS MY DECISION
FOR ME.
ONCE I START.
I AM NOT GONNA TURN BACK.
YOU'RE NOT RESPONSIBLE.
ERICH. I HAVE TO GET BACK
TO MY WIFE.
I HAVE TO.
IF I STAY HERE.
I'M GONNA DIE.
I KNOW IT.
THIS IS NOT YOUR PROBLEM.
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
I CAN'T STAY HERE ALONE.
NOT NOW.
I'D GO CRAZY.
MARCO. IT'S TIO.
ACKNOWLEDGE.
DO YOU COPY?
OVER.
IS THIS UNUSUAL?
I MEAN. WHAT IS THIS. A PLOY?
WHAT IS HE DOING?
HE SAID HE WOULD BE
ON THE RADIO ON SUNDAY.
HE'S TAKING
THE FIGURE BACK.
THAT'S A DEAL.
THEN. WHERE IS HE?
MARCO.
IF FOR SOME REASON
YOU CAN HEAR ME
BUT I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
WE HAVE TO WORK OUT
SOME OTHER WAY
OF COMMUNICATING.
MARCO. DO YOU COPY?
[SPEAKING
SPANISH]
MARCO. ACKNOWLEDGE.
MARCO. YOU COPY?
IT'S TIO.
CALLING MARCO.
MARCO. DO YOU COPY?
WE'RE GETTING
A LITTLE ANXIOUS TO KNOW
WHETHER THIS DEAL
IS 100%.
ASK IF PETER'S ALL RIGHT.
CAN YOU?
WE NEED SOME KIND
OF INDICATION
THAT PETER BOWMAN
IS OK.
WHICH WAY?
THE RIVER'S
GOTTA BE THIS WAY.
YOU GOTTA GET UP.
ERICH.
WE GOTTA KEEP MOVIN'.
[BARKING]
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
AAH! AAH! AH! AH!
NO!
COME ON.
NO. NO! NO. YOU GOTTA
GET OUTTA HERE.
TAKE THIS.I CAN'T
LEAVE YOU ALONE.
GET THE MAP
OUT OF HERE.
IT'S OUR ONLY CHANCE.
PROMISE ME
YOU'LL KEEP GOING.
I PROMISE.
AH!
EH...
SHIT.
WHERE IS YOUR PIGS?
[GUNSHOT]
[SHOUTING
IN DISTANCE]
MARCO. THIS IS TIO.
DO YOU COPY?
AAH!
GOOD DAY.
YOU'D BETTER GET OUT
OF THERE.
WHAT'S UP?
THE GERMAN--KESSLER...
THAT MISSIONARY FELLA?
HE'S OUT. SOME FARMER
DUMPED HIM OFF
AT ONE OF MY PRECINCTS
LAST NIGHT.
WHAT'S THAT
GOT TO DO WITH ME?
HE SAYS
HE WAS WITH PETER.
HE SAYS THEY
MADE A RUN FOR IT.
IT DOESN'T
SOUND GOOD. TERRY.
FOR THE MEALS.
WE COULD EAT TOGETHER.
BUT THE FOOD
IS NOTHING.
IT'S JUST
TO KEEP YOU ALIVE.
BUT PETER WOULD
TRANSFORM THIS CRAP
INTO A FEAST.
HE WOULD SAY.
"TONIGHT LET'S SEE
WHAT ALICE HAS MADE
FOR US."
ALICE.
YOU WERE EVERYTHING
FOR HIM.
OH...
HE TALKED ABOUT YOU
AND YOUR DAUGHTER MALI
ALL THE TIME.
HE LOVED YOU BOTH
SO VERY MUCH.
[ALICE SOBS SOFTLY]
YOU HAVE TO KNOW THAT--
NO.
I'M SO SORRY.
HE DIDN'T SEE HIM KILLED.
HE DIDN'T SEE A BODY.
HE HEARD A SHOT. MATE.
YOU GOTTA WAKE UP.
TERRY.
YOU GOTTA GET REAL
ON THIS NOW.
YOU DON'T SPEND THAT MUCH TIME
WORKING ON A DEAL
AND KILL YOUR HOSTAGE.
WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU HAD A RADIO CONTACT?
A WEEK? 2 WEEKS?
I'VE JUST HAD NOTHING
BUT 22 DAYS OF STATIC.
NOW. MAYBE THERE ARE
NO MORE DEALS TO BE HAD.
MAYBE THIS
IS COMING APART.
MAYBE HE'S ALIVE. MATE.
YEAH. MAYBE HE IS.
MAYBE HE IS.
BUT WHAT WE DO KNOW
IS THAT MY GUY
IS STILL UP THERE.
AND THEY DON'T KNOW
KESSLER MADE IT OUT.
THEY THINK HE'S DEAD.
NOW. KESSLER
KNOWS EVERY INCH
OF THAT FUCKING CAMP.
AND HE'S WILLING
TO HELP ME.
HE'S A MISSIONARY.
OK. HE IS NOT!
HE IS FROM THE FRENCH
FOREIGN LEGION. TERRY.
SO WHAT? HE FOUND GOD.
HE'S GOT A MAP
IN THERE.
A MAP THAT I THINK
IS REAL.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING
WITH THIS. MATE?
OK...
THIS HAS TO STAY QUIET.
AND SHE
HAS TO KNOW THAT.
YOU'RE THINKIN'
OF GOIN' IN. ARE YOU. MATE?
IS THAT WHAT
YOU'RE THINKING. MATE?
[CHUCKLING]
FUCK THINKING.
THAT'S WHAT I'M DOING.
I'M SITTIN' IN THERE ON
THE FUCKING TELEPHONE.
THAT'S ALL I CAN DO.
YOU TELL ME WHAT ELSE
I SHOULD DO.
TALK TO ME BEFORE
YOU DO ANYTHING. OK?
OK.
FOR YOU. I CAN DO THAT.
FOR YOU.
IF YOU DON'T KEEP ME
UP TO SPEED.
I'M GONNA TAKE IT
PERSONALLY. MATE.
YOU'VE BEEN DOIN' THAT
A LOT LATELY.
NO. I CAN'T HEAR
ANY MORE OF THIS.
ALICE. WAIT!
AN EYEWITNESS
SAW HIM KILLED.
UNTIL WE KNOW FOR SURE. THIS
HAS GOT TO STAY IN PLAY.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?
HE DIDN'T SEE A BODY!
OOH! PETER IS DEAD!
LET ME GRIEVE!
WHY CAN'T YOU DO THAT?
INSTINCT.
UNTIL I KNOW.
UNTIL I'M SURE.
UNTIL I'VE RECEIVED A
100% VISUAL CONFIRMATION
OF THE BODY
OF PETER BOWMAN.
I'M LOOKING
TO RETRIEVE MY CARGO
AND COMPLETE MY MISSION.
[MARIA AND SANDRO
SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
[SOBBING]
[MARIA AND SANDRO
CONTINUE SHOUTING]
SHE'S JUST A GIRL.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
SHE'S TOO YOUNG TO BE
INVOLVED IN THIS. PLEASE.
IT IS VERY DANGEROUS
FOR HER.
MARCO?
Sí.
CINTA...
POR FAVOR.
[SOBBING]
IT'S OK. COME HERE.
IT'S OK NOW.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
HOW YOU DOIN'?
I THOUGHT WE HAD
A DEAL GOING.
I HAVEN'T HEARD FROM YOU
IN 2 WEEKS. I MISS YOU.
WHY DON'T YOU
CALL ME "TIO"?
AND I'LL CALL YOU
"MARCO."
YOU GOT A GOOD GAME
GOING HERE. MATE.
YOUR WIFE THINKS YOU'RE
OUT WITH YOUR CARD BUDDIES.
CARD BUDDIES THINK
YOU'RE OFF WITH THE MISTRESS.
AND THERE YOU ARE.
ON THE RADIO
EVERY WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
BARTERING HUMAN LIFE.
YEAH. OK.
THIS IS A TAPE
OF MY FRIEND MARCO.
IT'S NOT THE ONLY ONE.
IS PETER BOWMAN ALIVE?
HE TRIED TO ESCAPE.
HE WAS HURT.
YEAH.
HE'S ALIVE.
Man: JUACO!
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
IS HE WITH THE ITALIAN?
CALITRI?
HOW DID YOU FIND ME?
NOW. I HAVE $600.000
WAITING.
I'VE GOT ANOTHER 50
OFF THE BOOKS...
BETWEEN YOU AND ME.
IF WE GET THIS DONE.
OR I'VE GOT THIS TAPE.
I LAY IT
ON YOUR GOLFING BUDDIES
AND YOU DON'T MAKE IT
OUT OF THE CAR PARK ALIVE.
SO LET'S JUST GET THIS DEAL
DONE. SHALL WE?
IT'S NOT THE MONEY.
THAT DOESN'T MATTER
ANYMORE.
IT'S ALWAYS THE MONEY.
FRED.
YOU HAVE
A BILLION DOLLARS?
[WHISPERING] Because
that is the money
we are talking about.
YOU THINK OCTONAL
COMES IN.
THEY BUY THIS PIPELINE
WITHOUT A PROMISE
FROM THE ARMY TO
COMPLETELY DESTROY US?
THAT PIPELINE
GOES RIGHT THROUGH
OUR COCA FIELDS.
THEY ARE BUYING A WAR.
PETER BOWMAN
WILL NEVER GET DOWN.
HE KNOWS TOO MUCH.
WE ARE FIGHTING
FOR OUR LIFE.
LISTEN TO ME.
THERE ARE NO MORE DEALS.
ENJOY THE PARADE. FRED.
Dino: OK.
THIS IS THE CAMP.
HE SAID THEY CALL IT
CAÑON VERDE.
AND THIS IS THE RIVER.
NOW. THIS VALLEY.
THE BIG ONE BELOW.
IT'S VERY ACTIVE.
EVERY TIME THE ARMY
MOVES THROUGH.
THERE'S A SKIRMISH.
HERE'S MARCH.
MAY. AND JUNE.
KESSLER ALSO SAID THAT
EVERY COUPLE OF WEEKS.
THE WHOLE CAMP
WOULD MUSTER UP
AND RUN OUT AND FIGHT.
PIPELINE?
Dino: MM-HMM.
15 CLICKS
DOWN RIVER.
HE-HE-HE-HEY.
HEY. TOMAS. HEY.
READY. BOSS.
OH. HERMANO.
TERRY THORNE.
TOMAS MORALES.
THESE GUYS ARE TOP.
THEY'RE
MY PANAMA CREW.
I TRAINED THEM
MYSELF.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
SO SIMPLY
ALL WE HAVE TO DO...
IS ENCOURAGE THE ARMY
TO CROSS THE RIVER.
RIGHT ABOUT HERE
WOULD BE CONVENIENT.
START A BATTLE.
DRAIN THE CAMP.
MM-HMM.
DROP INTO
THIS FLAT AREA HERE.
WHILE THEY'RE FIGHTING.
WE SLIP IN FROM BEHIND.
EXTRACT PRINCIPAL CARGO.
AND EXIT.
SO BASICALLY.
WE JUST CALL THE ARMY.
SCHEDULE A BATTLE.
HOW WOULD WEDNESDAY
AROUND 3:00 BE FOR YOU?
WE DON'T CALL THEM. MATE.
ALICE IS GONNA
DO IT FOR US.
MMM.
CAN YOU GET A BIRD?
CREW PLUS 7?
ARE YOU IN LOVE
WITH THIS WOMAN?
TERRY.
I DON'T KNOW WHAT YOU'RE
HOLDING OUT HOPE FOR.
THAT YOU'RE GONNA SAVE
THIS LADY'S HUSBAND
AND SHE'S GONNA
SEE THE LIGHT
AND RUN OFF WITH YOU?
IT DOESN'T
WORK THAT WAY.
YOU KNOW THAT.
LOOK...
I WANT
TO CASH OUT OF HERE.
I WANT MY OWN SHOP.
IF WE COULD
PULL THIS OFF.
THIS IS THE STUFF
OF LEGENDS.
WE COULD SELL THIS.
DO NOT GET ME WRONG.
I WOULD LOVE TO GO
OUT OF HERE A WINNER.
BUT I HAVE BEEN
OVER THIS AND OVER THIS
A THOUSAND TIMES.
AND IT'S FUCKED!
SO WE'RE ON. THEN.
ABSOLUTELY.
[SPEAKING SPANISH]
Terry: YOU'RE GONNA
HAVE TO LIE. ALICE.
NOW. YOU GOTTA TOTALLY
BULLSHIT THIS BASTARD.
WE'VE GOT TO GET THE ARMY
TO INVADE E.L.T. TERRITORY
TOMORROW.
PETER'S LIFE
DEPENDS ON IT.
YOU JUST HAVE TO
WALK IN THERE.
YOU WALK RIGHT UP
TO FELLNER.
AND YOU FLAT-OUT LIE.
AND HE'S GOTTA BUY IT.
OR WE RUN OUT OF OPTIONS.
OH. NOW! I GOT YOU!
ALICE. ARE YOU...
YOU OK?
E.L.T. WANTS
A MILLION DOLLARS FOR PETER.
THEY WON'T MOVE.
WE DON'T HAVE IT.
WELL. THAT'S
A LOT OF MONEY.
IF I GAVE YOU INFORMATION
CRITICAL IN PROTECTING
THE PIPELINE.
WOULD OCTONAL STEP UP
AND DO THE RIGHT THING?
WHAT KIND OF INFORMATION
ARE WE TALKING ABOUT?
ALICE. NOW. STOP.
ALONZO. DON'T GO AWAY.
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
ALICE. COME ON.
PLEA--YOU THINK I DON'T
GET UP EVERY MORNING
AND THINK ABOUT PETER?
LOOK. I HAVE HAD
A DOZEN MEETINGS
WITH THE TRANSITION TEAM
ALREADY
ABOUT
THIS WHOLE SITUATION.
JUST HOW WRONG
I THINK IT IS.
FUCK YOU. TED.
LOOK. ALICE. I'M...
I'M NOT SURE WHAT WE'RE
TALKING ABOUT HERE.
BUT YOU GIVE ME
SOMETHING TO WORK WITH.
AND MAYBE I CAN PUSH
THIS THE LAST MILE.
E.L.T. IS GOING AFTER
THE PIPELINE TOMORROW.
I KNOW WHERE.
DO YOU STEP UP FOR PETER
OR NOT?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU THINK
YOU'RE TRYING TO
ACCOMPLISH HERE. ALICE.
OR WHAT
YOU THINK YOU KNOW
OR HOW STUPID
YOU THINK I AM.
BUT I GET 3 MILITARY
BRIEFINGS A WEEK.
AND IT'S A GOOD BET
THAT IF ANYONE KNEW
WHAT WAS HAPPENING
DOWN HERE.
IT WOULD BE ME.
IS THAT A NO?
HOW COULD YOU
POSSIBLY KNOW THIS?
AND WHO THE HELL
IS THAT?
I AM KESSLER.
ERICH KESSLER.
Terry: SO. 2 PHOSPHOROUS.
2 SMOKE. 2 H.E.
2 FLASHBANGS.
G36...
BUT IT'S
A BRITISH KIT.
Terry:
ONE DAY'S RATIONS.
Tomas: ONE DAY?
[KNOCK ON DOOR]
HOLA. PEOPLE.
I'VE JUST COME FROM
AN URGENT SIT-DOWN
WITH OUR OLD FRIEND
DOVER McLOON
OVER AT THE EMBASSY.
WHO'S A LITTLE
FREAKED OUT TODAY
OVER A REBEL PUSH
UP TOWARDS RIO VERDE.
NICE GOING. ALICE.
READY TO ROCK. TERRY.
OK. FULL KIT INSPECTION
IN 15 MINUTES.
WE'RE ON THAT BIRD
IN ONE HOUR.
YOU HEARD THE MAN.
LET'S GO!
[YELLS IN SPANISH]
LET'S GO! LET'S GO!
WE GOTTA MOVE RIGHT NOW!
Dino: DON'T MAKE
ME WAIT. CABALLEROS.
WE GOTTA PREP THAT LZ
RIGHT NOW! LET'S GO!
I'VE NEVER SEEN YOU
NERVOUS.
YES. YOU HAVE.
[BELL RINGING]
[MEN SHOUTING
IN SPANISH]
Dino: I MAKE IT 90 TO 100.
AND THAT AIN'T
NO OVERNIGHT STAY.
Dino: KESSLER'S MAP
IS PERFECT.
PETER'S THE ENGINEER. MATE.
Soldiers: VIVA!
Dino: VIVA.
I'M IMPRESSED.
FELLMAN DOES HAVE CLOUT.
IN LESS THAN 24 HOURS.
THE ARMY
HAS CROSSED THE RIVER.
HOW SILLY.
WELL. ME OLD MATE...
WHY DON'T YOU WANDER UPTOWN?
I'LL CATCH YOU
ON THE FLIP SIDE.
DOWNTOWN-3
IS IN POSITION.
COPY. DOWNTOWN-3.
Dino: DOWNTOWN-1.
STAND BY.
THIS IS UPTOWN-1.
WE HAVE ARRIVED
AND TAKEN A POSITION
ABOVE THE FARMHOUSE. OVER.
UPTOWN-1.
THIS IS DOWNTOWN-1.
SOLID VISUAL
ON THE WOOD SHACK.
BREAKFAST IN BED FOR ONE.
APPEARS PRINCIPAL CARGO
IS ON BOARD. OVER.
Carlos: ROGER THAT.
Dino: DOWNTOWN-1.
THIS IS UPTOWN-1.
WE HAVE BREAKFAST FOR 3
AND DELIVERY IN PROGRESS.
ALL CALL SIGNS. LET'S GO
ON A FINAL HEAD COUNT.
WOOD SHACK. ONE PLAYER:
RED BANDANA.
P.O.R. DOOR. 6 O'CLOCK.
BARRACKS: 3 O'CLOCK.
5 PLAYERS. OVER.
Dino: UPTOWN-1 HAS
A 2-MAN DETAIL ON THE FARM
WITH A POSSIBLE CARGO INSIDE.
AND WE HAVE A PLAYER
RETURNING DOWNTOWN
VIA THE UPPER PATH.
DOWNTOWN-1.
THIS IS DOWNTOWN-3.
PARADE GROUND: 15.
Terry: COPY. THAT GIVES US
21 VISUALS DOWNTOWN.
2 UPTOWN.
AND ONE IN TRANSIT.
24 CONFIRMED.
COPY.
THAT MAKES US READY.
UPTOWN-1 IS GOOD TO GO.
STANDING BY. DOWNTOWN.
PETER.
SHH! SHH! SHH!
PETER BOWMAN.
ALICE--ALICE SENT ME.
ALICE.
YOUR WIFE SENT ME.
ALICE. YOUR WIFE.
ALICE.
SHE TOLD ME ABOUT MALI.
YOUR DAUGHTER.
HOW SHE DIED IN AFRICA.
MY DAUGHTER.
MALI.
ALICE TOLD ME.
YOUR WIFE.
SO YOU WOULD KNOW.
I'M HERE
TO GET YOU HOME. OK?
ALL RIGHT?
YOU'RE NOT FUCKING WITH ME?
NO. MATE.
I'M FOR REAL.
WE'RE GONNA
GET OUT OF HERE.
ALL RIGHT?
OK.
DOWNTOWN-2.
YOU GOT A PLAYER AT 5 O'CLOCK.
WHAT FUCKING PLAYER?
Soldier:
HEY! RAMBO!
SOFTLY. MATE. SOFTLY.
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
CAP--
[GUNSHOT]
FUCK!
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
DOWNTOWN-1.
WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT?
ALL CALL SIGNS WAIT OUT.
Man: RAMBO!
[YELLING]
REPEAT: WHAT THE FUCK
WAS THAT. TERRY?
DOWNTOWN-2?
UHH.
DOWNTOWN-2.
RESPOND!
THIS IS DOWNTOWN-2.
NOT IN POSITION.
FUCK.
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
Terry: I GOT
A 25th CONFIRMED.
VISUAL. DOWNTOWN-3.
12 O'CLOCK.
DOWNTOWN-1.
I GOT HIM.
WHAT ARE WE DOING HERE?
STAND BY.
RAMBO!
Carlos: WHAT
ARE WE DOING HERE?
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
FUCK.
DOWNTOWN-1.
WHAT ARE WE DOING?
GO LOUD.
FUCK.
ROGER THAT.
HE'S DOWN! HE'S DOWN!
SHIFTING LEFT.
YOU KNOW HOW TO USE
ONE OF THESE?
[YELLING IN SPANISH]
NO! YOU FUCKING MISSED!
COVER ME!
THE SAFETY IS ON.
GET DOWN.
READY. PETER?
I'M WITH YOU.
LET'S GO.
BACK! BACK!
DOWNTOWN-1. I GOT
THE PLAYER FROM THE FARMHOUSE.
I'M SHIFTING POSITION.
DOWNTOWN-3!
GIVE ME SOME PRESSURE
AT 9 O'CLOCK. ON MY COUNT!
1...2...
3!
PETER. LET'S GO!
STAY LOW! STAY LOW!
AH. FUCK!
PETER!
YEAH. I'M READY.
UP! UP! UP!
THROUGH THERE!
THROUGH!
DOWN HERE.
Tomas:
CLEAR!
STAY DOWN!
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
STAY DOWN.
MOTHERFUCKER!
SIGNORE CALITRI?
Sí?
Sí!
WHICH WAY?
COME ON.
DOWNTOWN-1.
THIS IS UPTOWN-1.
WE ARE SECURE.
DINO. I'M ON
THE LOWER PATH.
I GOT THE CARGO
IN TOW.
WE GOT BOGIES
UP OUR ASS. MATE.
BRING THE BIG BIRD
TO LZ 3.
COPY. DOWNTOWN-1.
MOVE TO LZ 3.
WE ARE BLUE. OPTION 3.
BIG BIRD. BIG BIRD.
THIS IS UPTOWN-1.
REQUEST EXFIL.
WE ARE OPTION 3.
WE ARE GOOD TO GO.
PROCEED TO LZ 3.
I REPEAT. LZ 3.
SAFETY'S OFF.
OK? OK?
KEEP MOVING.
[SHOUTING IN SPANISH]
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
PETER!
KEEP GOING DOWN THE PATH!
FOLLOW THE PATH!
PETER! PETER.
LOOK AT ME! LOOK AT ME!
YOU GOT TO KEEP GOING.
MATE.
I KNOW
YOU'RE IN PAIN. MATE.
YOU'VE GOT
TO KEEP GOING. OK?
DON'T LET
THOSE FUCKERS CATCH YOU.
THEY'LL KILL YOU
THIS TIME. PETER.
STAY ON THIS PATH.
THIS PATH
LEADS TO ALICE.
THIS PATH LEADS HOME.
OK? STAY IN FRONT OF ME.
GO.
Dino: TERRY. WHAT THE HELL
IS GOING ON DOWN THERE?
THE BIG BIRD IS EN ROUTE.
HE'S EN ROUTE.
OK. MOTHERFUCKERS.
I GOT IT. IT'S OK.
GET THE CAMISA
ON HIM.
TERRY. WHERE ARE YOU?
TERRY!
DOWNTOWN-1
IS TRAVELING WELL.
WE GOT A VISUAL
ON THE BIRD.
WE'RE COMING IN. DINO.
OH. YOU BIG.
BEAUTIFUL BITCH.
THERE SHE IS!
YOU WANNA GO HOME?
HOME?
YOU'RE GOING TO ROMA.
ALL RIGHT. BABY?
UPTOWN-1.
THIS IS DOWNTOWN-2.
I HAVE A MAN DOWN!
DOWNTOWN-3 IS DOWN!
SAY AGAIN!
I REPEAT:
DOWNTOWN-3 IS DOWN!
FUCK!
GIVE ME THAT!
GIVE ME THAT FUCKING THING!
GO! 5!
DOWNTOWN-2. I'M ON MY WAY.
DOWNTOWN-1.
THIS IS UPTOWN-1.
I'VE GOT A MAN DOWN.
DOWNTOWN-3 IS DOWN.
I'M GOING BACK TO GET HIM.
DOWNTOWN-2 HAS MY CARGO
ON THE BIRD.
WE'LL BE EVACUATING DOWNTOWN-3
BACK TO THE LZ.
I REPEAT: BE EVACUATING
BACK TO LZ 3.
ROGER THAT. DINO.
I'M AT THE LZ.
GOT AN EYE ON THE BIRD.
MY CARGO IS IN TOW.
MY BACK DOOR IS CLEAR.
IF YOU NEED A HAND.
JUST GIVE ME A YELL.
LOOK OUT! GRENADE!
AAH!
JUACO!
PETER!
YEAH!
I CAN'T SEE. MATE!
HERE. I'M RIGHT HERE.
I GOT YOU.
JUST HANG ON TO ME.
Dino: ARE YOU CRAZY?!
GET ON THAT
FUCKING CHOPPER NOW!
[ALL SHOUTING]
EYE WASH!
MOVE!
Peter: HE NEEDS
SOMETHING FOR HIS EYES!
AHH! FUCK!
Peter:
HE NEEDS IT NOW!
Terry:
WHERE'S THE WASH?!
Peter: HERE!
RIGHT HERE!
IT'S RIGHT HERE!
CAROLS. LOOK AT ME!
WHO AM I? WHO AM I?!
YOU'RE AN ASSHOLE.
RIGHT!
THAT'S FUCKING RIGHT!
THAT'S RIGHT!
[MOANS]
ARE YOU ALL RIGHT?
DON'T YOU FUCKING
DIE ON ME. MAN!
I DON'T DIE ON YOU!
YEAH. HE ALWAYS
DOES THIS SHIT. MAN.
YOU'RE A PUSSY!
HE'S A FUCKING PUSSY. MAN!
HOW IS IT?
YEAH.
WHO ARE YOU?
TERRY THORNE.
HOW'S MY WIFE?
SHE OK?
SHE MISSES YOU.
SHE'S WAITING FOR YOU
WHERE WE LAND.
WELCOME HOME.
YEAH.
KEEP YOUR HEAD DOWN.
HELLO. ALICE.
YOU ALL RIGHT?
Dino: HEY. HEY. HEY!
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
YOU WANT TO GO
TO ROMA?
ARRIVEDERCI!
ROMA! ROMA! ROMA!
SEÑOR. POR FAVOR.
SANDRO.
[MOANS]
HI.
HEY.
YOU LOOK GREAT.
[SPEAKING ITALIAN]
ARRIVEDERCI!
I NEED ONE MINUTE.
OK.
WE DID IT.
YOU DID IT.
YOU KNOW.
YOU'D BETTER GET GOING.
WE COULD BE VERY UNPOPULAR
AROUND HERE IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
JESUS. I THOUGHT
WE'D GET A CHANCE--
WHAT? SIT AROUND AND CHAT.
THE THREE OF US?
THERE'S A 6:00 AMERICAN FLIGHT
TO DALLAS. YOU CAN MAKE IT.
THERE'S A PROVISIONAL PASSPORT
IN THE JEEP FOR PETER.
NORMA WILL
PACK THE HOUSE.
SHE'LL SEND EVERYTHING UP.
HIS LEG LOOKS BAD.
BUT IT CAN WAIT TILL DALLAS.
THIS IS IMPORTANT.
NO TELEPHONE CALLS.
NO HIGH-FIVES.
NO CHAMPAGNE.
YOU GET TO THE AIRPORT
AND YOU MAKE THAT PLANE.
JUST TELL ME YOU KNOW
HOW MUCH YOU MEAN TO ME.
SO. WE'RE EVEN.
NO. WE'LL NEVER BE EVEN.
I'VE GIVEN YOU...
NOTHING.
BELIEVE ME. WE'RE EVEN.
YOU DESERVE
MORE THAN THIS.
YOU GOT A PLANE TO CATCH.
I'LL SEE YOU AROUND.
MRS. BOWMAN.
Dino: GET ME
MY DUKE ELLINGTON RECORDS.
GET ME THE SCOTCH.
THE GOOD SHIT!
12-YEAR-OLD. NOT THE CRAP!
REMEMBER
THE ENCRYPTED PHONE!
TAKE CARE. ALICE.
WHO'S THE MAN?!
STUFF OF LEGENDS. STUFF--
YOU ARE THE MAN!
Peter: SANDRO.
YOU KNOW WE GOT TO GET
TO THE AIRPORT FAST.
WE GOT A FLIGHT
IN AN HOUR.
WE MADE IT.
YEAH.
LET'S GO HOME.
YOU AND ME.
WE OPEN OUR OWN SHOP.
I RUN NEW YORK.
YOU RUN LONDON.
WE MEET IN THE CAYMANS
ONCE A MONTH
TO VISIT OUR MONEY.
OK? STRICTLY WHITE GLOVE.
LOTTA LONG LUNCHES.
NO MORE FUCKING
FRONT LINES.
SOME CONSULTING.
SOME POLICIES.
AND WE GIVE IAN A HEART ATTACK
BEFORE WE OPEN THE DOORS.
HUH?
I DON'T KNOW IF I WANT YOU
VISITING MY MONEY.
HA!
[VAN MORRISON'S I'LL BE
YOUR LOVER. TOO BEGINS]
* I'LL BE YOUR MAN *
* I'LL UNDERSTAND *
* DO MY BEST TO TAKE *
* GOOD CARE OF YOU *
* YES. I WILL *
* YOU'LL BE MY QUEEN *
* I'LL BE YOUR KING *
* AND I'LL BE YOUR *
* LOVER. TOO *
* YES. I WILL *
* DERRY DOWN GREEN *
* COLOR OF MY DREAM *
* A DREAM THAT'S DAILY
COMING TRUE *
* I TELL YA *
* WHEN DAY IS THROUGH *
* I WILL COME TO YOU *
* AND TELL YOU OF
YOUR MANY CHARMS *
* AND YOU'LL LOOK AT ME *
* WITH EYES THAT SEE *
* AND MELT INTO *
* EACH OTHERS' ARMS *
* AND SO I COME *
* TO BE THE ONE *
* WHO'S ALWAYS STANDING *
* NEXT TO YOU *
* MMM *
* REACH OUT FOR ME *
* SO I CAN BE *
* THE ONE WHO'S ALWAYS *
* REACHING OUT FOR YOU *
* YES. I WILL. YES. I WILL *
* YOU'LL BE MY QUEEN *
* I'LL BE YOUR KING *
* AND I'LL BE
YOUR LOVER. TOO *
Van Morrison: HOW'S THAT?
CAPTIONING MADE POSSIBLE BY
WARNER BROS
CAPTIONED BY THE NATIONAL
CAPTIONING INSTITUTE
--www.ncicap.org--